lovely for asking . so far 90 % reported to be home , still waiting on one to answer . thank you <3 
i'll always be shocked by frenchies taking the whole space on escalators and act offended when you try to get past them . #keepyourrightdude 
things seem to be a cycle lately , job opportunities keep popping up , and i'm spending my days studying accordingly . 
i was indeed expecting more than that but can't help thinking it's high enough already . 
probably increased my misanthropy , but i'm fine :D thank you for asking :) 
omg is it really you 
and more and more years to come being free ! 
music monday !LINK! #hajimemashiteearth 
damn right , you called it . im scared . 
struggling to not fall atm , one more sleep and weee weekend . major case of the zniffles ! 
❤ 
<3 sending good vibes - from the bed , meatsack is feeling under the weather too 
i know right , from now on i'll walk in the sunlight and make sure i get skin cancer so i can please men eyes . 
considering #lrt i might just go back to bed . oh wait . work . 
that being said , i realise this is naive and almost childish , especially here on twitter where anyone famous can receive abuse daily . 
if you allow me an awkward way of saying things : in that regard it's " interesting " to watch as a foreigner . 
blame my parents :( 
the funding is definitely a good idea indeed . * coughs * 
still better than not so cleverly saving them like we did here 
guess it's another sign we're going backwards . 
decided to restart my xfiles rewatch as normandy is back to being rainy again - and i always associated xfiles to rainy days for some reason 
mmm not yet , can it both stream radios and download podcasts ? 
hello world ;-) when a french short scifi movie flirts with black mirror !LINK! 
<3 
my watching list for tonight : a symphony of light timelapse from iss !LINK! 
read cracked to detox from stupidity !LINK! 
" puppies " 
and chicken soup ! 
:( 
caen is big . big i tell you . well yeah okay . it's ... moderately big . ish . 
i definitely would ! 
pour du balmain en plus merde quoi 
nani ? 
your late sunday piece of poesie !LINK! 
indeed . in paris too . always in paris . 
today's job : tasting macarons at carpiquet airport with trip normand . i could have it worse . !LINK! 
!LINK! 
hmm i'll end up looking into it i suppose , but that doesnt solve the proper camera issue to post on insta though , does it ? 
sometimes ! 
merki :D 
not sure why i'm still trying to understand some events that happened 3 months ago and for which one decided i didn't deserve an explanation 
ahahahahaha 
suddenly , tea envy . 
in grenoble - france - you can find some short stories dispensers !LINK! ( via ) 
o . o !LINK! 
very sad to hear the end of livestream 
if you read the hashtag though it's more about men ogling than actual awareness . hence the sarcasm . 
possibly the best website for introverts & agoraphobes , using instagram & 4square data #avoidhumans !LINK! 
bonus points : we don't care about gossips and wont pry about your life . 
if you receive " i love you " as an answer from me to your email , consider google did it . !LINK! 
needless to say , next time they'll talk to my middle finger . 
it's rainy ! but i love rain so it's okay ! thank you my dear ! :D 
oh-em-gee !LINK! 
( #lt is a direct quote from previous article and something i sadly see already happening ) 
poke !LINK! 
official . third week in and i'm alone + in charge of the dpt . insert a " i have no idea what i'm doing " corgi meme * . jpg here . 
looking forward to read this ! 
about time to be honest ! 
talking about fashion i'm still looking for that perfect transformable black dress i had spotted once !LINK! 
absolutely ! 
that really breaks my heart . looking at pictures of sangatte and i barely recognize any of it :/ 
tricky topic . link to the article ? 
i'm honestly not sure the narrative of oitnb is about " women's issues in prison " - or they really picture it the wrong way 
went for the 960 , very happy :D ( and thank you <3 ) 
in my 3rd week at my new job and already gonna be alone at the office , probably for more than two weeks . does it mean i'm trustable ? #halp 
oh perfect , adding them to musicbee , thank you :) 
oh god , i'd get an anxiety crisis if i was doing that ahah 
during a car chase i'd hope ! 
ah good idea , i do need some relaxing time now . 
missmonster's mythical creations ( including the makeup of a lillycat ' ombre ' bjd !LINK! 
i think the propos here is about medias covering the racism part of the shooting with " mental illness " . 
i'll always wonder if i'd be allowed to teach scifi and fantasy letters to the students though . tricky choices . 
never watched . 
nope . 
for future reference , in case i let myself read it . !LINK! 
i know what you mean ( and in that case i guess we're both funny then ) 
talking about goth , there's apparently a gothbox you can kickstart !LINK! ( wonder if that includes spf 50 + sunscreen ) 
current job requirements : copy writer , comm assistant , food taster and it girl . i'm having a blast . 
( why would you be sorry ? ! ) 
good luck with that ! :D 
talking with a lovely lady telling me she especially chose to move back to my city because of its multicultural aspect pleases me to no end . 
dear game devs , as much as i like to praise your hard work , customisable controls in settings are a basic but nonetheless must-have option 
( damn you , i'm gonna need to re-read some now ) 
i stopped reading several news outlets once they started talking about " all the things " 
close , but in more french ! :D ( decent song ) 
#nope 
on the jugend topic , you can find the complete scanned editions at the university of heidelberg ’ s digital archive !LINK! 
thanks :D <3 
that's very niche though 
and by nasty people i'm not talking about the terrorists there . 
tuut tuut , logging on it is enough interaction for me ! 
but hey , it's not like you're forgetting about left handed people either , right ? #ohwait 
i'm super tempted to start a patch collection with this one !LINK! #thingsiprobablyalreadytweeted 
that does sound good , thank you :) might check if it does the radio live streaming . 
and é's everywhere ! 
it's ok , i'm french ! 
amen ! scariest is like you said though : people thinking it's a great idea . who are those people so i can never meet them . 
sadly just using netflix so far , but if amazon prime france does have buffy i might get an account ! thank you for the info :) 
hair goal ( 1920 ' s perm ) 
saddens me that calais is now known for its " new jungle " !LINK! 
i do know about bookcrossing , might end up registering to track them but it's not the main goal initially . maybe a #sharingiscaring flyer ? 
plans for tonight : translations , a purring furbaby , and teafreaks united . !LINK! 
on boob plate armor and how it might kill you !LINK! #justleavingthisheregayzes 
oooh damnit i'm disappoint 
in case you still don't know what to wear for the next halloween ... !LINK! 
yeah i didn't get those : x 
strict conditions will be placed on potential donors , such as abstinence from sex in the twelve months before giving blood . #nvm ... 
discovery of the day , blank banshee - that will accompany me all the afternoon at work #vaporware !LINK! 
the latter . they saw a good opportunity to get their way with the " new person " counting on the fact i don't know everything here 
[ also why isn't there paris in tsw ? ] 
have a drink at la cantada when they run one of their noir / bizarre events or an exhibit !LINK! 
best way to get a tech-dude to take you seriously ? ask him if his shiny new device is gonna manage your portable linux . #pwnd 
fascinating test for the music purists : how well can you hear audio quality ? !LINK! ( turns out , very badly here ) 
but " mysterious " ! 
tiny floof by oré spotted in #caen !LINK! 
today's program . 
nope 
used to binge watch nightmare on elm street movies as a kid when i was sick and off school . thank you wes craven . 
!LINK! 
the metaphor is huge really . loving your reading on this . 
that's one way to look at it , i'm gonna use your idea a lot . 
rainy rainy monday for a busy week in #caen . can't complain ( and this is why i love normandy ) 
procrastination mon amour . !LINK! 
actually think it was the reference there ! 
not sure , do you have pizza ? 
with actual people ? : o 
decided to give magic duels origins a try , so far so good , apart from the numerous lost connections to the server . 
please do :) 
in other news , ' designer babies ' may be on the horizon !LINK! 
and please don't give me the " love abundance empathy " bullshit . my definition of empathy is heavily based on respecting people privacy . 
a tabletop one :) we were playing cthulhu . 
visard mask in 16th c . as skin protection . you'd bite a bead to hold it making yourself mute !LINK! 
same issues here atm ! 
i actually can't wait for jared yamahata to release his frida piece on society 6 !LINK! 
mind you in paris , those would probably get mauled by a little old lady from versailles . 
i go with mood choices . " today i feel like listening to ... " ( last week was the sound of the ocean ... ) 
wonder if i can send a shovel over tcp / ip 
* clicks subscribe * * buying more time to my days * 
!LINK! 
thank you :D 
official , i have until january 2016 to finish my xfiles rewatch . feel the pressure ! 
mrw just sent me my first bitcoins . !LINK! 
this is terrifying ... 
needless to say it did the exact opposite ( and turns out he wasn't friend material either ! ) 
please have the decency to not mislead people under curfew into believing there's currently gatherings in paris . 
german and dutch atm . german for a refresh - i was terrible - and dutch because it seems interesting . duolingo is amazing . 
skimming is a terrible issue , and not just for music . mood can also be an issue . i love listening to classical radios 
and yet ... still not friday . 
i believe it's the whole point , officially lifting a ban with conditions way too strict 
i can't draw for #inktober but i can see pretty colours !LINK! 
when do we get twitch plays experience curiosity ? !LINK! 
i'm gonna have to google that ! 
oooh exciting ! 
oh dear . poking right into my soft spot for reddit mysteries . ( i'm not sorry to hype this podcast so hard , it feels right ) 
my normandy is beautiful , don't you think ? aurora borealis as seen in the calvados . !LINK! 
baking fresh delicious bread at 3am because i'm an adult . also baguette . 
we should replace all the lolcats of the internet with corgis . 
:D that already me made my day so far , gorgeous cover ! 
dear michael bay , we need to talk !LINK! #nope 
ahah :) 
that sounded kinky or maybe i'm super tired 
not planning on dropping anyway , those two are definitely interesting characters 
( thank you for asking , seriously <3 ) 
on many common sentences - they're evaluating your level , which is great when you don't know where to start . 
that makes sense :) 
can confirm . 
ah nvm still got it . i'm impressed . 
that i still have to watch ! 
i had noticed this on my iphone - that is now sadly a bit too old . 
welp . already checking planners opportunities for 2016 and stumbled on the diy planners scene . send halp ( they're gorgeous ) 
that being said , most of the time at the hairdresser i have no idea who those tabloids are talking about so ╮ ( . ❛ ᴗ ❛ . ) ╭ 
i was lazy and didn't use duolingo for two days - weekend , amirite ? - and now i feel like all my progress is gone . #baddie 
omg all the shoes 
" think for yourself , question authority . " but why would i do that ? 
thank you so much :) and working hard on that ! 
nothing fucks your friday up than realising it's only wednesday . 
my weekend is starting with jaws scans #eep and a visit at caen's uni for their " cabinet des curiosités " . expect picshures spam soon ! 
although at 5am , my english grammar goes out for a walk it seems ! 
apparently not wanting to forge official documents for a self entitled asshole makes me a terrible person . i'm super okay with that . 
how to create a language when you're a scifi / fantasy author ( think tolkien ) !LINK! #conlang #omgaliens 
<3 
attn : humans . hanging up the phone on someone who went out of their ways to help you isn't decency . it's " being a fucking twat " . 
fleur pellerin ( innovation & digital economy french minister ) announced a funding dedicated to games called ... fap jv . anyone to tell her ? 
packing for paris is more about wondering how many cables i can fit in a tiny bag than the clothes i should and should not bring . 
petpeeve : people with #socialmediaexpert on their twitter blurb and a timeline with 0 interaction with anyone . 
it's a lovely day already , all thanks to for having to sign " follow me " for me . 
i'll learn all the things ! ( but in truth , i was actually always tempted to learn japanese instead ) 
still a bit disappointed they made him skinny , but hey , gorgeous interpretation nonetheless . 
bah , what a waste , decent actor really . 
between #cisa and the #pplsurveillance , it seems like privacy is selling cheap lately . 
joke aside , interesting stream , soothing talkers - but i highly doubt i'll be able to sleep with it 
this . absolutely this . i want a show with a lovely voice telling me sweet and / or amazing stories . 
#tanis " i didn't look at any of those pictures " . good . 
suppose i wasn't properly ready for the bloodmoon ... 
mmm . let's wait for winter . 
can understand you :) ( even though i'm so pleased since i've got one little kitty around ! ) 
we're still part of the same kind of circles though . when i say that " irl " people look at me like an alien :) 
depends on the instrumental stuffs . i end up wanting to go all walkyrie on anything if it's too epic ! 
" girls wanna have fun " would be purple . !LINK! 
might be but i really don't think there's a correlation between video games and being nicer . weird study imho 
and of course to make sure my batteries are full . 
and this reminds me of !LINK! 
t_t 
ahah :) 
with off , i'm back into looking for an alternative / shoegaze online radio . trials are going fine until they play 
i'd wear the fall collection anytime everytime . brb selling kidneys . 
and we wouldn't want auntie suzy to avoid the mall for xmas would we ? 
best background music for translations so far one cello × 16 : natoma !LINK! 
gorgeous ! 
paris climate activists put under house arrest using emergency laws !LINK! 
twitch is getting creative !LINK! any of my illustrator buddies to do the same ? would love to watch you . 
or cathulhu 
today is a good day because today is new doctor who day ! 
we'll pull through this :) 
oooh <3 
via my much needed dose of wtf-thisisbeauty involving !LINK! 
ahahah where is that from 
really disheartening :( 
yeah it's an anime-con . wouldn't say it's confusing , but might be because i know the con . !LINK! 
you and me ! it's just perfect , wearable and ... yeah perfect . and probably super expensive . 
* opens instagram , sees feed filled with cats , thinks life is puurrfect * 
pfff vantarde ;( 
fact about : ornavik a true viking village offers an inverted archeology immersion to the vikings at heart !LINK! 
peeple : we had no original idea for a new kind of social network , so we're building one you'll be forced to be on against your own will . 
nah , this is definitely not funny ( damn ... french humoristic shows went that low ? ) 
enter ana somnia dreamscape ( warning : it needs your webcam access ) !LINK! 
and it's a beautiful metaphor in many ways . brilliant really . 
you're not halping ! okay , i buy : x 
memrise ? i just googled it , thanks for the tip , i might indeed dive into this ! 
usually not much of a #yolo lover but i'll make an exception for the yolo dodo . !LINK! #giggles 
you'd be surprised ! i might even try and stream a session once it's out just for the giggles . 
rain sound generator <3 !LINK! 
:D 
still unsure how i feel about ghost in the shell first assault online , but it seems the closed beta is incoming soon !LINK! 
yes !LINK! 
apparently lovecraft's former appartment is now up to rent on craiglist !LINK! 
put your finger on the screen !LINK! 
i'm so pale i glow in the dark like my monitor . 
adopt an introvert at work : we won't disturb you during work hours , and only concentrate on our task . 
#calais again . !LINK! 
well damn and moleskine is dead for me since i met the hobonichi techo !LINK! #xmasshopping 
ik ben een appel 
ahahah 
bai mace . 
had to buy food . used sarcasm instead . in the end he's only a tool meant to apply procedures . 
will be perfect to sleep :) 
( possibly with metal tentacles ... ) 
to add to the gustave dore illustrations i saw posted here : the 1st book my mother got me . !LINK! 
so annoying : x 
we're talking the same language <3 
i was wondering why my colleague was trying to sniff my neck indeed :| 
you're rich ! 
as your daily dose of zen , a lovely timelapse of the day 1 of sail 2015 !LINK! 
( trish ) 
#potteritforward is possibly the most magical idea ever !LINK! 
hence why i decided to listen to talk shows , except ... so many choices . 
* hearting * tweets about encryption and surveillance state is so.weird you guys . 
not sure why someone would request an instagram password reset on my account , but heeey , what do i know . 
sidenote : strange feeling of enjoying my birthday while in last october i really thought i wouldn't see today . let's cheer to many more ! 
via the social network is yesterday , the interest feed is tomorrow !LINK! 
same goes for you , those are some weird times really . 
funny and scary at the same time . 
new sonic addiction : elohim - she talks too much by elohim !LINK! on #soundcloud 
the dark tower iii : the waste lands ( 1991 ) clint eastwood and jesse pinkman adopt a raccoon . !LINK! 
thank you :) 
noticed the same here , when i browse my music library and try a few old albums i have , i might end up cringing . never for tool 
agreed , i keep recommending it to friends because it's a definitive must watch for any scifi lover ! 
we have the best lawnmowers ever in #caen !LINK! 
<3 ! 
this is what happens when the internet tries to do poetry !LINK! 
adding to my subs . on the lake atm and really enjoying it , thank you very much . 
with razorblades 
mickey gone wild . !LINK! 
( just checking things out then fucking off , the usual deal ahah ) 
( mind you even if i was quite an independant one , i also had a fierce possessive overprotective mother ) 
something for the books and history lovers !LINK! 
indeed ! thank you . 
when a german electro band is inspired by #deauville and compose about it : !LINK! ( my daily dose of zen ) 
and we're heading straight into it . 
i think i'm craving cotton candy since 
o . o damn . well , good to have you back :) 
thats so fucked up on so many levels , i don't even know where to start 
just leave us some time to learn then ! 
always pictured insta as phone only while flickr more on the artsy side of things . prolly why i stopped using it > 
even though you won't have to meet them again i can imagine how hard it is to try and ignore their dirt . 
<3 33 
delicate situation to be in . i suppose you already tried to converse with them on the topic ? 
fuckity fuck . there's a remake of audition in prod , of course set in the usa because ' murica . !LINK! 
wtf . give me my stars back , hearts have nothing to do on twitter . !LINK! 
poke !LINK! 
reason #42 why i'm a happy netflix subscriber : quality series like jessica jones . 
sadly no :( we should get on that and create it ! 
" the app was originally supposed to scrape names automatically from facebook , but the site ’ s api wouldn ’ t allow it " 
" you have to enable javascript to proceed with the transaction " funfact : i have blur . how about i go buy elsewhere mate ? 
oh this is adorable ! 
no way you can get it back ? 
peeple : i'd like to know anything creepy about my neighbours . think about the children ! 
let's hope , i need to sleep at some point :D 
' spider's web ' is internationally out , and i'm still not sure i wanna read it #millenium !LINK! 
things that are making me sad : french magazines dying !LINK! 
most likely ! 
i was grandmaster ! 
* fills her internet browsing history with websites about menstruation and ponies * 
can we drop clara back to earth now please ? 
i'll tell the boys in the group then ! 
muscle memory is an amazing thing , noticed the same when i toyed with this one earlier ! 
talking about spooky , i'm currently chased by japanese ghosts in #tsw . that's not fair funcom . 
at this point where anyone " qualified " is useless to alleviate his traumas , i'd guess a " wipe " only would help . 
" playing online games makes you nicer " lol.wav !LINK! 
" the only furniture you need is a single smooth stone that reminds you of your mother " uhhh let's avoid that . 
remember - ルートバックホーム !LINK! 
via ( how appropriate ) til i wanna go to norway and cuddle wolves !LINK! 
first week at my new job was kinda like jumping straight into the fire . but i have to admit i liked it . pleasantly surprised ! 
things that are awesome : when you're having a so-so day , and your buddy decides to stream his derping ingame just to cheer you up . 
except our gov used this as a justification for the need of the surveillance bill against terrorism 
exactly the same issue here . " lezen " ? ? ? lezen wat ? 
oh hey you guys , it's soon halloween . have some walking dead inspired cake ! !LINK! 
if i had an old crt , i would so stream on it . !LINK! 
right place to play a small part , even so little , but still . unexpected , but part of the " pleasant surprises " i was talking about earlier 
worst , i live in a very green area t_t all that air ! 
wasn't even in caen , but the small town next to it , hence my huge " dafuckdude ? " - and caen misses you <3 
i would rt this if i could , my feeling exactly 
might be my issue , to try to understand . :/ 
french government to consider moving to open source and away from proprietary software #yay !LINK! 
omnomnom * . * 
how many rewatches so far ? 
hmmm you'd have to be a bit more specific i'm afraid 
ringu ! kairo ! 
oh that's so sweet :) 
mmm more about science casts and random infos ( with possibly a soothing voice ) 
ouch ! 
hell is the others . so yes . 
and this is why i had my comments disabled a while back when i was writing regularly : x i'm a terrible person yes ? 
the icann proposal is still worrying though . 
poke !LINK! 
hello hedwig ? !LINK! 
<3 
peeple : this is a positivity app , feel the positive vibes <3 <3 <3 and if you're not positive : be positive , we have the power to make you so . 
lovance <3 
tonight's lazy watch : john wick . because keanu . might come here to rant if it's terrible ( fair warning ) . 
friend was reporting several brands at haussman were guilt tripping employees to still come to work on saturday 
also know you're allowed to exit . worked hard on that lately :) 
another phone call to teach modern letters in the area , another offer i have to decline because of my other job . 
port racine , small port in france ( you jelly yet ? ) with !LINK! yeah , it was a good day ! 
should we prepare the usual offerings ? ( get well ! ) 
<3 ! 
wooo ! although i had read they're just changing name to hide !LINK! 
took me a rewatch to actually spot his fake english accent - wasn't so obvious to me back in the days . he's decent though ! 
it did seem that way aye , hence why i liked it . but lots of people are uploading artworks on it . tablets i suppose . 
please do note the article is in french . 
taking bets on how many white people will star in hollywood's akira remake . !LINK! 
prevention ! 
not a weather for a wee digitalyn . 
mila kunis going pewpewpewpew and shirtless dudes all the way ( no , except the end of it ) 
no steam i won't give you my phone number , stop asking . 
one of us one of us ! 
thank you dear <3 planning on this ! :D 
oh yeah , right , moleskine . 
am not watching anymore . shit movie , easy twist , poor puppy . i'mma watch monsters , inc instead . 
rather sure tea can fix everything . get better ! 
:( so rude 
trion soon releasing a " super awesome arpg with features you always dreamed of " with gender lock and generic classes . picture me unsurprised 
i'm so sorry :/ sending good thoughts you way . 
shit . i could have written something similar to myself a few weeks ago ( in a shitty english though ) . bookmarking . 
i actually have no clue for origins . i'd suspect so , even though i havent tried yet a duel against someone . 
i'm so using this as my next nametag in games . 
trying skyforge : toon's moaning everytime she casts ( really ? ! ) and her breasts are bouncing independantly for no other reason than " lolwat " 
development of ai issuing work orders based on understanding of on-site kaizen activity and demand fluctuation !LINK! 
thought about a headstand , but frankly , that was too much effort . 
i'm the girl bursting into tears in front of a video of a one eyed dog running against a wall and still chasing happily after his ball . 
since i'm alone for two weeks i can manage podcasts , but as soon as my colleague is back i know it's over . 
yay for geeky evenings between games and series with the man . 
to my fellow frenchies refusing to speak or read a single word of english . and i guess i should start on chinese . !LINK! 
<3 
the ultimate guide to analog control panels in #scifi movies !LINK! 
although it doesn't make angel appear smart or interesting compared to oz or spike . but hey , quotas needed a brooding spaniel eyes character 
because they can , obviously :) 
that bad ? it's pretty rampant in eu i believe . 
it's been so long i have watched tezuka's astro boy i have no clue if the 2009 movie is sacrilege or not . still pleasant to watch . 
retro-futuristic collection on h & m made me think of space 1999 for some reason !LINK! also oranges . 
agreed :) for me what helped a lot and is continually soothing is the sound of the waves on the shore , even as a recording : x 
chipie ! 
that was in january . 
can't wait ! 
we have offering a round of warm cocoa but water is awesome too ! 
waste * derp 
killjoy ! 
wanna achieve cyber-eternity ? !LINK! ( yet another fucking social network ) 
the answer to this is complicated though : i think right now we're all stunned , most likely numb . and annoyed by the vultures . 
as for my tweet : news outlets using old pictures of the unrest in tunisia just " to have something to show " 
advice to writers : write for yourself . journalism tip : know your audience . ( or you end up writing a mememe sob story in a generalist paper ) 
got to shut down a dude " educating " me on the issues of the fr state of emergency by linking this expanding list !LINK! 
just have to hope the internet never finds out . hope no one tweets about it ! 
lets make it alice and steve . so goff . 
bonus question : did you actually listen to " the message " ? 
intj : x 
how to " british " properly !LINK! 
me reading your tweets !LINK! 
glorious monday off , working from home this time , on the localisation of a videogame . #sekreetsekreet 
i wonder if there's a word for that . 
it's unbearable , i love it . 
i'd add that internet isnt even the issue here . since when can we rate people ? we're not objects you can capitalise on . 
how surprising ! 
( and all the feels for elliot ... ) 
but you have the heat . heat is bad . 
<3 <3 <3 ( i know the feeling ) 
apparently it's a setting in the mailshield option of the software . disabled it here , will see how it goes ! 
slowly educating my friends to stop sending me links to flash pages by groaning forcefully and refusing to enable it back just to see a cat . 
well i guess it's " good news " ? 
probably linked to the acting . not saying smg acting wasn't good , it was , but damn , spike ! 
oh god no i hope not 
get well please 
think i read the same article and had the same reaction . :( 
i suddenly have horrific flashbacks to french movies about northern france and i just want to curl up and cry 
you guys just made my day with your convo . brilliant . 
dr . oliver sacks archives on radiolab !LINK! #notetoself 
yes . yes . 
links i'm finding on the subject are contradictory and / or sensationalist . hard to find something relevant . 
allow me to rephrase it : the authority has issues with us , their people . ( i share your pain ) 
us french are weird like that :D 
!LINK! 
one of us ! 
missing to my culture ! i'll watch it as soon as i find it here , thank you <3 
oderint dum metuant 
yeah i can't play it on fullscreen either and usually have to have breaks during game sessions . very annoying . 
one year and counting . !LINK! 
mmm that's another thing i should explore . mainly trying to find casts i can fall asleep to / learn something from . 
cimer 
i think there's a deep allegory for collective consciousness in there 
#nope #wontwatch #nope 
nawww huggles 
it's even more blatant during the rewatch . and damn , as angelus he's annoyingly dumb . 
" let's try and not spend on anything i don't really need until the end of the month . " - - - me before undiz released a star wars collection . 
another beautiful punk streetart spotted in #caen !LINK! 
this movie is shit . 
i love how in us movies , everyone in france is listening to piaf and accordion . 
achievement unlocked ! :D 
i'm in the middle of the second season at the moment , but does it really take so much time to build ? 
the postmodern weirdness of black mirror has inspired a new art show - !LINK! 
not very surprising " realdoll is working on ai and robotic heads for its next-gen sex dolls " !LINK! 
malheureux ! 
j'attends la review ! 
pleading guilty aswell ! 
oh i know the feeling , tough ! :( 
my timeline is filled with #cccamp15 pictures . i know where i'm going next year - buying time . 
i'm not sure . relieved my friends are safe . annoyed at the human race and the click whores . 
<3 : - * 
and via social sciences and humanities faculties to close in japan after ministerial decree !LINK! 
it's dense , i like it , but definitely not something i can listen to on the go . 
that can happen indeed . for them i can't help but seeing them as complete narcissists . scary shit . 
aaand it's gonna be tonight , mainly because bosses were around all day :'( 
my memory is terrible , but i do remember someone on my twitter feed being interested in seeing who was blocking who !LINK! 
and refreshing ! 
oh that does sound annoying though 
dear company who never replied to my job application , yes ofc i will gladly answer your reputation mailing poll ! !LINK! 
feel the love <3 
apparently it's the case . " you guys are too dumb to know what favourite means , so we made a heart " . 
everyone is addicted to me now ! 
i know , but just thinking someone thought it was a legitimate and decent idea makes me want to hurl 
" people don't need to rely on safe harbor anyway . all facebook users need to do is post a privacy disclaimer on their wall . " #giggled 
merde , us only it seems . !LINK! 
" what do you think ? that i can't open the file of my own life ? wrong ! " #marcialdifonzobo !LINK! 
oh intriguing 
any example in mind ? 
it's late at night , i'm gonna be scared > . > 
i'm sorry you guys , i really do enjoy #sense8 so far , but it really can't beat a pizza at the serpico with my buddies . 
yuichi ikehata works are both mesmerizing and terrifying !LINK! 
france has decided to end a more than 30 - year old law that banned homosexual men from donating blood !LINK! #abouttimeyo 
my shirt > yours . !LINK! 
vonnegut ’ s electric stories were presaging the bleak tone his fiction would take later !LINK! 
generate a strange " story " from one of your pictures with !LINK! !LINK! 
it is but it's doable , my friend is breezing through it like a boss ( i hate him ) 
i know it's important to be 1st on news , but publishing an article with a single sentence followed by " developing " is hardly journalism 
fancy a ‘ flapjack kerouac ’ ? let's go ! !LINK! 
me : " honey im home " cat : " oh you were gone ? " 
* runs around in utter panic * oh hell yes 
here i was considering to upgrade my account on my tablet . not anymore ! !LINK! 
( and now i'm super jelly , i need people and buddies releasing their books in my area , that sounds super fun ) 
thats super sweet of you to share ! thank you ! will bath in it this weekend :) 
that's indeed a good point but are those people watching the show ? 
impressive really . 
i have you one click away for when i'll choose a few notebooks to fit in my hobo cover :) perfect location for my orders ! 
did the same when they discovered my aneurysm was making a comeback here , sending all the good vibes your way . 
oooh look at that , alice and eve comics in the comics bundle <3 
another tip for aspiring journalists : you changing a word or a sentence in an article doesn't make you the owner of said article . 
i should at some point ! 
important to note : small town . i believe the main goal is to avoid grandma scared by nasty goths carrying bagpacks . we need dat xmas cash . 
i'm gonna slap you with a brick , stopped smoking months ago now ! 
<3 :D 
i guess we definitely don't need translators in france , amirite . : x 
shai hulud 
get a chome extension to change " political correctness " to " treating people with respect " !LINK! 
jelly 
didn't apply yet mainly because com projects are only starting at my current job but i'm really really tempted . 
thin and delicate lines is what i always noticed in your art 
peaceful and quiet <3 :) 
ahahahaahah 
mmm ... i guess it's definitely unusual for them , but 7 does also seem young to me . was it far ? 
so , so far , i believe i'm listening to npr one and news and this is very soothing - even though all i hear about is apocalypse 
i'd guess because you're currently eating pizza and they want to steal it ! ( mine does that ! ) 
over the top typewriter simulator !LINK! #oldschoolforever 
lol 
naaww . always wanted a batman amigurumi ! !LINK! 
one of the perks of being a bad person and getting it online :D 
things i wasn't expecting when starting a job in comm : teaching my colleague to remotely work on her office computer . #lotsoflolzhappened 
and your oolala ! 
read kairo but never dared to watch it . japanese horror is the best / worst . 
i got their names , that's more than enough ;D 
officially scared 
ahah <3 thank you . i try to keep tweeting in english as i started that way but sometimes it can't be helped really . 
pretty much ! 
yeah this one comes and go , not sure where it comes from . 
will definitely check it out , thank you :) 
you'd have to tell me . at the same time i always saw that " internet addiction " as a big scarecrow missing the point 
\ m / 
the climate time machine from is a terrifying yet necessary website . !LINK! 
or the live one to purr on my lap :D 
i'm confused . !LINK! 
it's 33 % likely my job will be automated in 20 years . how about yours ? #intelligentmachines !LINK! !LINK! 
( sorry i have bjork's joga playing in my mind since this started ) 
i know ! 
glorious ! 
same , especially lately with work , still have ahs to watch :( 
oh that sounds like the kind of book i would enjoy . when is it out ? 
thank you for feeding my music needs ( also : sent my best friend to " the lake " and she's enjoying it quite a lot , thank you ) 
corollary of the discussion i had once with on " never meet your heroes " , i'm now almost reluctant to follow well-known people 
peeple : if you don't like our cool new social network , it's not because it's invading your privacy , it's because you're jelly , nenner nenner 
y'en a beaucoup là-bas ? mes gens ! ! ! 
do it ! 
teddy girls : the style subculture that time forgot !LINK! 
perfect week to get spooked by !LINK! especially if you're experiencing x-files nostalgia . two episodes in and i'm hooked . 
beaucoup de grind ? damnit . 
now that's some true french attitude . adding yann tiersen to the playlist ( also how i wish we were all that classy ) 
in my perpetual search for online sounds generator , another one you could use to sleep to !LINK! 
especially now with 3 jobs , like seriously ahaha 
current mood . 
i talk to my cat , is it ok ? 
hooked friend on tf2 : " find me names for my gun ! " me : " bowel disruptor " 
children of earth was definitely the best season . shame overall because i do like barrowman . 
( just reading today's news from all over the globe and i am now afraid to browse twitter , to avoid the wave of depression / despair ) 
ps : paris , i miss you . 
funny how a single digital place can end up so toxic and filled with pettiness . 
" monday let's all dress in black to show our respect . " ... hmmm . 
lepidopterophobia !LINK! #caen #lecabinetdescuriosités 
oooh true . hmmm , will have to see if i can afford it ( and thanks for reminding me , i was so busy lately sorting things out ! ) 
happyangst unboxing of a tablet : which app is going to steal uncalled for data ? probably most of them . 
looked pretty either way , in a filthy way :) 
ghost in the shell vr ( probably better if you own oculus ) !LINK! 
i did ! decent indeed , thank you for the link ! 
do i win a cookie if i say beijing ? 
we need the right to repair our gadgets #plannedobsolescence !LINK! 
on win 7 here ( and not very fond of itunes , otherwise i would be gladly using it for podcasts ! ) 
i might end up just reinstalling it on windows for podcasts . actually reading in many places it's one of the best for this . 
i guess it does please the fanbase still though 
" oh i don't mind them spying on me on the internet , i don't like internet anyway , & we need the children to be safe . " get me out of there . 
nope ! but i watched the last season of orange is the new black ! 
something i asked myself since my stroke ( no memory and still acting like myself ) what are you without your memories ? !LINK! 
whatever they do , they better save the dog . > . > 
#butt 
agreed . now i have to listen to poe and maybe , maybe re-read it . 
celebrating french elegance today with the best tea mug ever #jpg4ever 
very intrigued and curious about that smart burst from android's camera v2 . 5 !LINK! 
france & spain arguing the eu car industry needs more time to meet targets for hazardous nitrogen oxides !LINK! 
live with a german name in normandy : be instantly renamed as " brynhild " because apparently it's close to " gabrielle " #idontevenknow 
twitter to increase dm characters limit in july . oh boy / o \ 
you're not a social media expert , you're a porte-manteau . 
oh internet , you were so square back in the days ( circa 1990 ) !LINK! 
ohdear 
that power for some websites , but now without the yes / no of a judge ) 
just googled it . i'm baffled . 
why . 
on clothing , fashion and futurism , a topic i would like to see being explored more often . !LINK! 
40 % of french would welcome authoritarian leadership - as long as that leadership provides them with their favourite diaper , and no one else 
ahahahaha :D 
still you gotta wonder how entitled one can feel to try and have someone else fired because they didn't want to fake some files . 
turns out i missed the best lesson ever at in which students were taught how to nap . can i come with my cat ? 
my collection is starting out quite nicely !LINK! 
!LINK! ( part about the recent french surveillance law and the french international surveillance law yaddah ) 
yep ;( at least i'm listening to them during the day , at night i only listen to my little pony ( not really ) ( well a bit ) 
( and depressing aswell , because in europe we're not exempt of our own share of racism ) 
inside the japanese hotel staffed by robots !LINK! via 
( while raking private funds because yolo amirite ) 
thank you . so much . 
so i really do need this in my life you guys !LINK! 
no thank you . keep your soylent . i keep the delicious noms . !LINK! 
stanley kubrick's annotated copy of " the shining " which show his margin notes for the movie . !LINK! 
i'm sorry to inform you guys , that between buffy , x-files , angel and dollhouse , i'm booked until at least the end of the year . 
via clubland : beauty and subculture through the ages !LINK! 
do i sound like a snob if i say i haven't even watched french tv apart from arte since several years ? yes ? good . 
subbed ! 
wtf indeed : x 
that would be a nice idea indeed , but i haven't seen one yet in their etsy shop . 
and why on earth would you " rename " net neutrality as " open internet " ? 
diantre 
i'd be curious if there's a desktop client from which you can upload photos on insta ... never looked into it tbh . 
won't lie , i actually " nawww " ed irl reading this . 
don't think it's ironic , it's actually one of the many things that make us introverts 
oooh good to know , thank you ! 
* nods while vaping on some violet ecig juice * 
that does sound very painful ! ! ! 
oh holland ? that also sounds very good ! 
glorious things i missed : chiharu shiota installation at the venice biennale !LINK! !LINK! 
talking about mmos , anyone planning on entering the open beta of skyforge ? 
suddenly missing my grand-mother very much - and her brick solid plum pudding . !LINK! 
. or a huge trauma :( the first review i had to present during a radio show was urotsukidoji . 
i have a serious case now of " what happened to him " ? 
which reminds me a not so old conversation with a contact , in which he compared himself to musk , probably to look good . 
peeple : i'm an extrovert , i don't give a shit about your privacy . 
there's always 2 kinds of people !LINK! [ tumblr awesomeness by ] 
but but , i started in english ! i don't like to change the mean of communication here : x 
" it's unreasonable to think that employers aren't going to use every means available to increase productivity " !LINK! 
ahahah 
we so are . i think we're a minority to realise it's a terrible thing . 
anyone planning on cosplaying sailor venus ? !LINK! scroll to the cat eye frames <3 #need 
joy of a satisfying day at work , whatever job you're doing = priceless . 
silly girl , he's probably depressed now - and he's quite right to be . 
wisdom of reddit never ceases to amaze me ( also brb boss fight ) 
today's a good day . 
i try to have a global source of news so i can have a global overview . i admit that locally i'm not very interested most of the time 
i'm being sneaky and introducing them slowly ! 
i was already thinking i had way too many things to watch ... 
is he in urban ex ? 
oooh , okay i'm interested ! 
i'm terrible at shooters , but still , go vote ! !LINK! 
the evolution of neuro-stimulative wearables : super torn between need and the anxiety of " what if ? " !LINK! 
, send a cookie to 
ahahah 
\ o / :D 
!LINK! 
meanwhile in france , right wing party promises to drop subventions to planned parenthood in their area because reasons . 
if you can't feel it , buy it . !LINK! 
also it's doctor who day so since i'm very fond of sound generators , here is one dedicated to our favourite doctor !LINK! 
oh thank you , they do look like what i'm looking for ( but now i'm curious about the one behind aswell ahah ! ) 
first one to spoil me on doctor who gets the shovel . 
because it's based on this building indeed :) 
if you find one , please share . 
i just discovered the hashtag #askeljames and my inner goddess jumps up and down with cheer-leading pom-poms shouting yes , yes , yes ! 
is he safe ? 
j'en ferai bon usage ! 
on the markovian parallax denigrate , a858 and cicada 3301 !LINK! 
i'm all in favor of the resting bitch face here . especially as a permanent shield against stupid and obnoxious . 
agreed . medias and the internet definitely arent helping lately on top of that . 
incidentally : do you remember how blogs flourished after 9/11 ? ppl needed to express themselves and this is how mainstream blogging started . 
i totally relate to this aswell : x 
beautiful animated stereoviews of japan 1900-1920 !LINK! !LINK! 
encadrons la libre expression #yolo 
8 years ago , yes . cerebral aneurysm . 
french ones sadly do seem to focus on funeral talks to accompany their programs . and " just nope " . 
internet as satan / incarnation of knowledge ? 
huge thanks to for sharing her podcasts list !LINK! my pocketcasts subs is growing more and more 
really sorry you had to go through this . my own months of job seeking taught me recruters seriously lacked of professionalism 
sunday slackday !LINK! #internationalcatday 
also brains . please . 
why would you make actually interact with parisians ! ? 
i guess she feels left off if the other person at the offices is hiding behind headphones , understandable ! 
fun and addictive game ! also such a money sink irl . : x 
today's musical mood : !LINK! 
hmm true , but that would mean several things : 1 . create a list like buzzfeed 2 . i'm terrible with choices . most of the time > 
seems so unreal , but still , seems like the oecd hopes tax reforms will end era of aggressive avoidance !LINK! 
last rt had my best friend and i laughing to tears for a good 20 . we might be easily amused but damn , do we love laughing . 
plis send halp i iz scared ! 
uk is laughing at us now see ... 
turns out the persons wanting me to forge official files actually complained to the ceo b / c i didn't want to forge the papers . lols ensued . 
oh i'm doing well , just facepalming each time i read the news so far :) and thank you <3 
bet in the director mind , it makes things " so very romantic " 
subbed to it aswell but havent started yet . you recommend ? 
anxiogene : when every bit of news can be linked to " the big nasty thing " but you can't help but clicking . 
new source of deep enjoyment : listening to past and podcasts . can i has moar now please ? 
reminds me when people were amazd about me being severely underweight after my stroke : " what's your secret ? ? ? " " almost died . " 
i has a sad now 
bonheur . lovance . !LINK! 
does it count if i say i found the godhead trilogy by james morrow pretty humorous ? 
thank you :D 
ahah :) 
in internet lingo : owned olol !LINK! 
i'm tempted myself now : x 
( i'm not collecting mugs , nope ! ) :D 
oooh that's good to know , thank you ! 
interesting but very draining ? 
#lrt had a tough talk this apm with my new boss about the refugies crisis , which made me realise i * might * be at the right place 
<3 
double hit combo yes ? 
the ambiance is reminding me of black mirror for both 
we need a genius to tell us the obvious while we're still happily rushing head first into a wall . !LINK! 
i'm lucky , friends in paris reported safe . my steam messenger also exploded over night with contacts asking how i was and sending good vibes 
#xboxe3 gonna make me regret i don't have one . 
beware ! dangerous hackers might install open office on your computer ! 
gasp ! 
when people imagine apps like peeple , it does seem like it . 
!LINK! 
thank you :) 
this e3 could be make-or-break for virtual reality gaming !LINK! 
brb plane tickets 
we don't need no educatiooon 
brilliant and scarily relevant posters at !LINK! 
happiness is more important ! 
i still have nightmares about him , especially since a friend used him as a character in his rpg . 
“ as 2 empathetic entrepreneurs [ ... ] we want to spread love and positivity , and force our idea of positivity on you ” 
damn you i have to go to the kitchen in the dark to get my tea . 
funny you'd say that , a friend on steam was telling me the exact same thing ! 
and then it starts . was just asked to open my bag and coat before entering a mall , " just in case " . 
did you listen to it yet ? just finished the 4th ep , i need more ! 
please take a picture . 
" while you were away " cats took twitter back as the rightful owners of the internet . #yay 
thought the same to be honest :/ 
maybe but ... ; _ ; 
respect . i wouldn't . !LINK! 
im on it ! and writing an excuse note to my boss " sorry can't come to work , have xfiles duties ! " 
proofing in english is trickier than i thought as a non-native speaker . doing my best for ( and gotta admit , the experience is fun ) 
as much as i find it badass , nope , wouldn't be able to have a case so heavily lit : x 
in washington , vending machines are providing snacks for your brains : free books for kids . !LINK! 
if you enjoy vintage comics porn is exposing his collection daily on instagram !LINK! 
one of the amendements clearly states if needs to be they'll cut the access to social media / websites yeah ( well they already had 
finished jessica jones and enjoyed every minutes of it . no spoil so here , listen to this !LINK! 
twitter poll : izombie . yay or nay ? 
while keeping us healthier ! 
" i don't believe in such things but i took an appointment with a sorcerer to find out if someone cursed me . " !LINK! 
france ranked ' worst in eu ' at learning english ( a thing to note , most of our shows are dubbed in fr ) !LINK! 
like who cares what's happening on the other side of the ocean . hell , who even cares what's happening in the south . 
<3 
funcom needs to make this happen ! 
<3 !LINK! 
hey #pjlrenseignement !LINK! 
das neue strahlen from jugend 1896 !LINK! 
it's all cute and well to send me a mail about your new eliquid but if i can't see it on your website i can't buy it . 
final terry pratchett novel the shepherd's crown on sale !LINK! 
my posse ! :D 
" everything they do to us , they want to do it to you . " niska in the synth whore house . powerful . #humans 
i understand the religious use of it , but tend to be skeptic about alternative medicine overall . 
gamification of learning a language : currently trying out to refresh my german and having mad fun with it . 
how super rude 
i do love the settings ! i'm having issues lately to be excited about a game though . even tried to get back to tsw but " meh " 
staying away from twitter for the time being , texting loved ones . be safe <3 
｡ ◕ ‿ ◕ ｡ 
meanwhile in nice . !LINK! 
j'ai ri 
link dropping for future december self : !LINK! listen to this 
positivity doodles , your daily little dose of positivity on tumblr . super cute - !LINK! 
more concerned about him ending up snapping . he's close . granted he's opening up , but is it any good / useful ? 
thank you :) i never heard of live free so far , adding it to my list ! 
you could say i'm making the most of those relaxing days by being even more quiet than usual . 
immutable rule : this is always when i decide to take a week off that sudden piles of work appear from everywhere at once . 
wait what ? you had it disabled and it came back ? 
* happy friday dance * !LINK! 
geeks be geeking !LINK! 
\ m / 🎂 
exactly the same here ! this one has badass written all over it . 
weekend ! ❤ #selfie #me #vscocam #vsco !LINK! 
i'm sure the ladies suffering from breast cancer really benefit and feel supported by the #nobraday hashtag . people are so thoughtful . #not 
spotted : nice akiza art next to pigalle ❤ 
and i would go with " fuck you " aswell . fuck your nasty shit brain . fuck you for making this about you & your agenda . !LINK! 
i wouldn't want to abuse ! i suppose she'll have it available as digital copy right ? 
started on watching mr . robot and i'm still not sure i should be excited or depressed at it being so realistic and accurate . 
will do and thank you , you have no idea how it pleases me :D 
sadly :/ 
just building my cards library atm :D fun ! 
uk gov on e-cigarettes !LINK! 
dh 
of course ! why wouldn't it ! ? 
which echoes with his obsessive hd wiping ... 
working on it ! 
listened to digitalis ( how apt ) on for weeks , but now it's time to discover their metal detector . #bonheur 
wait what ? firefly online is really happening ? !LINK! 
* . * looks delicious 
thank you <3 we're all safe luckily . and stunned . sending you warm good vibes . 
sometimes twitter feels like sitting at the hairdresser reading cheap tabloids . 
lucky you . worst you can do to me is put me in front of a japanese horror movie , or immersive horror game . #nope 
and this is how i can't enjoy what seemed to be a great game #cradle without risking carpal tunnel syndrome . 
classe ! !LINK! 
dungeons and dragons players , always ahead of the game ( 1980 ) 
so i definitely should watch yes ? 
* little happy dance without panting * :D 
you were missed ! happy we have you back :) 
a little bit too catchy ! i'd end up bouncing in bed ! ahah 
can't wait to watch this one , very excited . 
cue countless thinkpieces about why and how twitter's dying . 
you mean google could use " godzilla bukkake " against me ? !LINK! ? 
" i need to find the scariest costume ever for halloween . " " where are you going to find an anne geddes baby costume your size ? " 
tiny town in france , normandy . 
new job perks : receiving art and theatre invitations . i'm super tired , but totally worth it . 
oh dear ... t_t 
funny , not what i was talking about but frankly close . 
the first lolcat ( 1894 ) - studios edison !LINK! via 
same here and i couldn't be more pleased :) 
still using this acronym gonna generate quite the lolz :D 
oh shush you meanie 
also i might have found my tarot card you guys . !LINK! 
and won't spoiltweet about it , or might chase me with a pitchfork . 
wtf . !LINK! 
only noticed because someone was having a nervous breakdown about it , still confused about which parallel universe we fell into 
[ redacted ] 
disinformation galore . 
x-files revival inspired by surveillance revelations !LINK! ( and twitter campaign i'm sure ) 
last tweet on the controversial heart of twitter : rejoice bloggers , you can now declare your undying love for brands , and vice versa . 
using a device called " humanize " to collect your employees datas and train them accordingly couldn't be more ironic . 
:D this is just perfect ! 
oh god i feel you . 
space travel for the 1 % !LINK! 
fun little game where for once you actually get to judge a book by its cover !LINK! 
i think you're going to love it . only 3 eps out though . 
finally got past supernatural first season and still can't properly get into it . i do enjoy the brothers relationship , the plot not so much . 
<3 you'll be my vengeful beautiful blue haired girl ! 
the temptation ... 
checking this as soon as i'm back from work , thanks ! 
depressingly excited ? 
i am too ! i miss the furet t_t 
sense 8 withdrawals . now onto starting " humans " !LINK! 
i realised afterwards , so i wouldn't be so sure about that if i were you :) 
something i never saw in my previous job : people actually taking days off . 
eek ! ahah ! not far , sadly , i was terrible with grammar and ended up losing most of my vocabulary . so far i'm stumbling 
happy birthday love ❤ 
exactly ! 
\ o / woopwoopwoop 
on paris topic , oxo architects are planning on re-using & transforming ghost metro stations !LINK! 
hmmm i'll have to check that one ! thank you for the suggestion . 
forget dystopias , these sci-fi writers opt for optimism instead - !LINK! 
indeed , and for the record , their actions were already crappy from the start . no regret here . 
thank you :) 
!LINK! for when you're in a gaming mood but way too lazy to boot any game . 
i do think it's german but a mock version of it :) 
my furbaby is a snob and was hooked on stravinsky's firebird when she arrived here . !LINK! 
brb making plans ! 
back in the days my friend had a specific crush on mulder with rolled up sleeves . never understood it until now . !LINK! 
in the end though i believe lots of my french fellows are just lazy and don't think they need english to strive 
quest for perfect planner hit a stop : so.many.colours . & . cutesies.stuffs now where do i get a full goth planner w / coffin stickers ? #notagoth 
throwing poop is far better anyway ! 
after finishing #themessage i started listening to stay in the scary investigation moods . hooked again . also scared . 
merci <3 :) 
( ╯ ° □ ° ) ╯ ︵ ┻ ━ ┻ 
genuine question for the founders of #peeple if you're about building character , what does creating such an invasive app say about yours ? 
( if you have a source though , i'll be happy to read this ) 
oh , i love it ! thank you ! 
ahahah :) 
oooh i'm interested , can i has the url please ? 
i'd guess reading something longer than that consumes way too much energy 
>:D 
brb fixing mine . :D 
prouve it ! ; o 
running to one kind of activism to another today . 
actually he does the opposite , showing the others they're full of shit , does fit too ! 
:( * good vibes * 
in the last hour ? i'd guess they're under attack or something ? 
bon , j'admets ... :D 
" well i've found what you meant by encryption when i tried to read your memo ... " #builtinencryptionwriting 
that's what i'm afraid of . 
back in the days it was a sign of nobility ! 
you can find a how to here !LINK! 
!LINK! 
this is bad . whenever i heard or read " turn that frown upside down " now i think about the and can't help but shiver . 
both . i don't think 10 % of my plugged friends would understand the thought behind the phrase . 
in the end though and considering the answers i got when i was receiving one , i don't even know what's best anymore between 
super hypocritical yeah :/ 
twitter is an incredible tool in times like these and it infuriates me when morons use a tragedy to whore internet points 
> . > gundam ? 
did you enjoy the imitation game like i did ? wanna try your chances at breaking the enigma machine ? !LINK! 
all the good vibes your way , i'm one of those who tries to skip checkups b / c anxiety is a bitch but not anymore since a few years 
thank you :D 
actually did aswell . good thinking , self preservation is the key . 
straight from the museum of outdated vr devices the " cyberface 2 " by leepvr !LINK! #puturcyberfaceon 
thank you avast for randomly adding a signature to my google mails , i love it when a software thinks for me . / sss 
already received the #xbud #eliquid i ordered from lightning fast delivery ! pink … !LINK! 
probably " please give me all your monies " 
currently very worried about the situation in calais . hard to find decent and reliable news sources 
never tried this one , won't until i finish isaac ( probably never because the derp is huge ) 
a netflix's scream ? should i try it ? 
i read by regularly playing games that can induce motion sickness i could remove it . but that means quite a lot of dizzy spells 
if this means maisie williams is going to be the next companion , i'm gonna be very happy . !LINK! 
reddit live on tianjin explosion !LINK! 
i know :( 
yes please ! 
make it 4 . determining how many pages a day i can translate while maintaining another job will be essential for the next months - & exciting 
we had higher hopes for the internet . it was a place where everyone could be a publisher and a creator . !LINK! 
that's super nice ! i'll keep an eye on an hypothetical digital release but will remember your offer if they dont :) thanks ! 
so far , what i get from the " french wardrobe " fashion thing , is a lot of grey & black , sprinkled with " oh la la " !LINK! 
twitter , if you know any good podcasts focused on sociology , i'm a taker . much love . 
cookie points for you 
i'm not so sure about that , you tried to make me puke my lungs when i met you guys ! :D 
gorgeous ! 
lovely one too ! also any a perfect circle / tool playlist ! 
and so many more hopefully :) thank you ! 
people liking their own posts on instagram scares me to no end . 
today's nutters latest fad : virtues of drinking pee to detox your system !LINK! please tell me its a joke . please . 
oh i probably missed that tweet with me having my first weeks at a new job . i'll check it out , thanks :) 
this is just awesome ! ( and loving the desktop wallpaper ! ) 
first world problems 
so ... halp . #falloutshelter 
first spontaneous laugh in days . 
day two of the digital fb detox , i even end up wondering why i had reenabled it in the first place . oh yeah , dealing with " people " . * sigh * 
twitter hivemind : do you know if using portableapps on a usb stick leaves traces on the computer you're using ? 
unless you want to be a professional buzzwhore of course . in this case : congrats . 
i plan on keeping all the candies for me , dressed up as a crazy cat lady . 
spas now calling me at work to " offer massages " services . yes please . !LINK! 
tgif \ o / 
* wonders if having a black cat furbaby is reason enough to justify buying a jiji bento box * !LINK! 
receiving nothing or hearing something like " sorry we wanted to hire you but your aneurysm might be an issue " 
can we keep him ? say yes say yes say yes ! 
i wouldn't want people to see my source code , that's for sure . i'm interested in people's layers though . 
i entered screaming i want to buy all the things . :( 
for the candies ? 
the best part of any card game . 
ahahahah ! and did you get stitches ? 
at some point , one day , yes ! 
solid ? our debt dramatically increased at the beginning of the year . 
merki ! je vais tester ! 
indeed ! 
gorgeous interactive map of kowloon walled city just to feed my fascination !LINK! 
thank you <3 hope you are aswell . 
naughty trains of normandy are being naughty and keeping me from delivering chocolate to 
loved tw up until bbc america took it , then i kept facepalming the whole season . 
unless ofc the service suddenly disappear ! 
happy birthday me !LINK! 
one of us one of us one of us ! 
still a pleasant watch , even though the reality is waaay far from the glamorized version of it . 
to my awesome people using pocketcast : any of you using it on desktop ? tempted to buy after trial but would like opinions first <3 
best afternoons at work are the ones i spend with the dr . strand . 
bizarre yet compelling . !LINK! 
according to there's a board game based on the shining !LINK! #tornbetweenneedandfear 
( and quite sorry for the spam , seems like i'm still failing hard at multitasking ) 
don't think online surveillance could be an issue ? in china your credit score is affected by your political opinions !LINK! 
golf clap . !LINK! 
i really doubt they will . ;D 
digital detox ongoing , and man , this feels so.good . 
" peeple : we are new to the internet ololol " 
got hooked this weekend . she's glorious . 
goths , rejoice ! your favourite clothes are landing soon , in viperblack ! !LINK! 
while doing a downward dog 
oh it's a shame . mind you it was exceptionnal here aswell , so i did make the most of it . 
biatch 
twenty years from now , the internet will become a lot more like tv and a lot less like the global conversation we envisioned 20 years ago . 
peeple : because we didn't go past highschool mentality and we want to make gossip a monetized activity . 
depressing fridge poems should be a thing !LINK! 
lately i see a lot of blog posts renewing that need for catharsis and it makes me " happy sad " . 
via some hieronymus bosch goodness / nightmares for your eyes only in the netherlands !LINK! 
i would be so happy ! 
twitterpoll you guys : favourite podcasts and why ? <3 merci . 
we'll see that in 3 months :( 
there's a r / notebooks subreddit titled " douceur de l'écriture " . !LINK! this makes me very happy . 
capitalist dystopia – racing against the machine : from the ends of sleep to the ends of work !LINK! 
why would i ? !LINK! 
and napalm . 
oh i'm so gonna check you out . are you available on pocketcast ? 
i'm almost considering going back to apple just because of their content blockers . this is the way forward <3 
little old lady with fully tattooed calves , i like your rebel class very much - and would have loved to take a picture of you . #hsc-rocks 
" they have no checkpoints in stations in france ! ! ! " 
[ children ] learn so well through play . they don ’ t even realize that they are learning because they ’ re so interested . !LINK! 
loved it aswell ( and had read this indeed : wtf ) 
thank you love <3 :) 
that moment when you're copywriting a 10 pages report and the person working with you can't stop talking . !LINK! 
who's coming ? !LINK! 
dis be me . 
this is from january . 
so far so good , got into tsw with ultra settings and im like " i can see forever " . will try dragon age tonight i think :) 
i can really heart the floof ! 
every day is april the first in the fantastic world of start ups ! 
you go girl 
we wouldn't be tweeting :( 
been a week i'm struggling with a proper comment on events and failing . 
forget about living on mars , i wanna live on cthulhu regio !LINK! 
hardcore :( can't do that here , that kind of show is too immersive for me :( 
see ! it's one of those little details ... damn those sleeves . 
" the person asked us to purchase books that would simply " look good " on the shelf . " !LINK! 
<3 i'm far from paris . friends there are also safe . thank you ( and take care too , we all need this ) 
lucky charities in #caen getting a full bag of my clothes to redistribute because they failed my " is it too goth for work " test . 
shit . i'm glad it wasn't one of these . 
ahahaha i'm gonna have to remember that one for ... future use . 
probably late to the party but !LINK! if you want a vr tour into deckard's apartment . now where be my oculus . 
<3 thank you ! 
enjoy :) 
that being said , if there's internet in space soon , when do we go ? 
as a sidenote though , the con quickly evolved to " japanese culture " 
:D lovely place to live ! 
i am , although last year they saw the aneurysm , while successfully coiled , had a slight regrowth . so hoping for the best still . 
inspirobot will entertain me for hours !LINK! 
racism is well alive in 2015 and it really needs to be addressed 
oh this is perfect ! 
paris is being used to justify agendas that had nothing to do with the attack !LINK! 
hmmm . good point . i would have to read snow crash again i think cause i'm not even sure anymore . 
they're producing it ! good reason to give them more money :D 
aha oh hell no , the company is far too big for me to aim for this while i do want to have a life outside of my job : x 
wtf ... rich but zero savoir-vivre . 
they already thought about that : you can't . !LINK! 
holy kittens , the fall 2015 collection is glorious 
wait , rainy summer is a bad thing ? 
<3 
striking ladies at the #afropunkfest of last week !LINK! i'm getting some serious bodymod envy . 
half of world's wealth now in hands of 1 % of population !LINK! ? 
i'm at the third season now - third rewatch , the second was a bit scattered - and agreed , it's painful . 
bliss 🌊 
quote of choice : angelus : [ to dru ] you can see all that in your head ? spike : no , you ninny , she read it in the morning paper . 
peeking inside the notebook of nick cave - among many others - to feed my notebook addiction !LINK! 
ventured into the girlgamers steam group out of curiosity . as expected it's filled w / boys asking if " girls " are wearing pants while gaming 
remember this the next time your boss implies he's irreplaceable while you're disposable !LINK! #whostheboss #ai 
#creepyhappy from the cabinet des curiosités in caen's university !LINK! 
as i used to say : quickly used and easily disposed ! #straightotheblacklist 
starting my new job with two months of holidays . winning much ? 
thank you :D 
* hugs * wish i had the solution for this but i have virtual good vibes <3 
you'll never die alone ♥ !LINK! !LINK! 
welcome back :) 
press and hold power and volume down at the same time . 
that being said i do think instagram is actually more brands and marketing oriented , especially lately . 
biotech firm creates 3d print rhino horns to reduce poaching - !LINK! 
i'll do my best for it :D 
i can't wait for them to try and have a goldfish playing dark souls via twitch !LINK! !LINK! 
" who are you to use a semicolon , you must have been out of your head ! " 
joy of receiving your new order is in the details . !LINK! 
that's not at all what i thought it would be ... how truthful this article is ? because that's indeed v . disturbing . 
love the ambiance in their official clip , glorious :) 
easiest game marketing tip : " has cats in it " * clicks buy * !LINK! 
then they made me miss my time by not pulling their fucking weight in a raid . * snarls * 
uk police to be granted powers to view your internet history !LINK! bad times for writers , right ? 
that and spf 50 + + . works wonders against the sun . sadly not against catcallers though . 
what am i looking at here 
that's a very clever way to deal with it ! 
had no choice if i wanted to enter and get food . he actually apologized and said it was for everyone though - if it counts 
i'm torn on that , some episodes were really tough to watch , even if they were brilliant . 
in the end it's silly , twitter users always use it the way they want . 
<3 same . and those albums always make me super " happy " . 
19 years ago : tool conjure up spirituality + anger with ‘ ænima ’ !LINK! 
oooh happy birthday ! 
i do love it when people gets snarky about an article - while failing to read it . you guys , so cute . keep at it . xxx 
the internet needs to know my buffy rewatch is successfully ongoing and i can safely report that bingewatching it doesn't make it dull . xoxo 
one of us one of us one of us 
be norilsk - web-doc in progress on the northernmost city in the world - !LINK! 
first dialogues of the vid and it's already an instafollow . thank you for sharing this . 
:D <3 merci 
honestly , considering how bad i am at it , i'm not sure i can say i don't hate it . because gnnngnnn * tableflips * 
“ in restless dreams i walked alone ... " !LINK! 
but meow ! 
evening of homemade burgers & cake , conversations and giggles , tea and fresh linen to lead me to sleep . perfection . 
and because i tweeted about it in french earlier !LINK! 
<3 ! 
status update : it's cold . 
thank you ! seems like i'll be watching it :) 
damnit . :( 
keep thinking it's tuesday here :( 
tf1 antennes is french . i'm currently in france . with a french ip . #welldone 
i switched to the radio for that . until stopped airing . well , is good aswell . 
all of this in the name of feedback . julia cordray can put her feedback elsewhere , thank you very much . 
i'm a bad frenchie , because when i read this article i was * happy * to see i was right . you are as well by the way . 
that too and the fact our education system is rigid . as for the dutch , the people i know are fluent in english so i dont know 
that made me laugh . i can understand one not liking it all the time you know ? :) 
real question being : is it made with glitter ? 
merci :D 
#lrt retirements plans . 
shoutout to all the nice guys trying to explain to me why my tablet won't connect to my network : i did this & that yes now shut the fuck up . 
my ovaries went 404 !LINK! 
ikr ! 
soon . one day . promise . 
journalism skills in 2015 : can you copy paste faster than our rivals ? you're hired . questioning sources ? why would you do that ? 
the joy of sense 8 is in the not knowing - !LINK! 
noam chomsky on the the linguistic capacity of humans & language design !LINK! 
sorry ! :D 
and humanity , something the medias and that white dude greatly lacked :( 
possibility of water on mars and suddenly , everyone is a specialist . #oupas 
i'll put the book on my to read list . watched the show not for the realism of it if i have to be honest . 
kenzi <3 
that might be the issue aswell . :'( 
i really wish though . someone's hiring ? 😸 
big issue with the ciaoblogosphere : i can't find a proper review of anything anymore b / c everything is greeeat as long as they got it free . 
sometimes it doesn't take too much to reach out to someone in need <3 !LINK! 
the lord of the rings family tree project : statistical & genealogical analyses of lotr !LINK! 
aww stacking . i wanted to play it hard , and then the hude deception after 30 minutes of game :( 
sign i has a big tired , i just splashed myself with liquid nicotine instead of my lush perfume ( same kind of vial ) . not tired anymore now . 
glitch noir - datasifter prelude - !LINK! 
sadly , yes ( and i guess we're not even surprised ) 
achievement unlocked . my tweet mocking the detox fad was rt-ed by a detox bot . gonna celebrate with cheese . 
and this is how i miss paris even more ! 
today , 71 years ago , the invasion of normandy was ongoing . 
oh this is the sweetest thing ever :) thank you ! 
breathe 
well , yeah , same . #lazyslackclub 
since i just like to point and share things i see around me . 
i don't care , i'm still free , you can't take the sky from me - except in california apparently !LINK! 
let's have a walk and breathe . !LINK! 
she's also netflixing hardcore . 
this is your brain on silence ( or peace and quiet is all about the noise in your head ) !LINK! 
nope :( 
ahah sorry ! 
definitely . complex , well played , multilayered . i do have a soft spot for oz though . and faith . 
merki ! 
rude lundi . !LINK! 
i really just have one question . " why ? ' " the original is perfection itself . 
marvel music : face it tiger !LINK! ( i'm in love <3 <3 <3 ) 
wanted to look into this aswell , then i realise it's the best way i end up posting the cat poop on twitter ! 
i'd guess my main problem is location . did i ever mention normandy doesn't really like me ? 
i'd need this dress , whatever the price is . !LINK! 
thank you :) 
the norm is very unpleasant though :( 
oooh happy birthday :D 
working locally taught me the internet has put lots of interesting but utterly useless infos in my brains . 
brilliant , who's the artist ? 
<3 
so let me get this straight , the #thalys gunman was known from the french surveillance but still injured 3 people ? !LINK! 
:( 
definitely will ! i need a small break from the x-files , i'm beginning to see conspiracies everywhere : x 
can't blame you really :/ 
" when humans are removed , nature flourishes . " !LINK! 
it's unreal to watch the poll moving live . go nirvana ! 
new sonic addiction : the knife ' marble house ' by !LINK! on #soundcloud 
but yeah agreed , we do have a weird keyboard . still it's not like azerty's are that weird or aliens :( 
spotify suggestions are pretty fun . they got me at " by the power of grayskull " !LINK! 
first boss i have to beat in any game i start , and most of the time fail to pass ? motion sickness . 
omg my fingers are begging to write in one of those notebooks . 
i was actually wondering something similar , this seems grossly outraging 
ik spreek niet goed nederlands ! 
that i probably have to watch it at some point ( im netflixing hard ! ) 
ladybaby featuring ladybeard !LINK! ( thank you huffpo ... ) 
happy to contribute to your schedule ! 
team hector looks super cool indeed ! i was particularly impressed by team aero here , bonus point for being lightweight :) 
i have way too many books . tempted to release a few in the wild , with a waterproof cover - in normandy - and hope they find a new home . 
how super original . !LINK! 
tried their new bekant line ? 
fits even better when you know he's a lovely pain in the arse . 
( damn you , adding re-reads to my already long list ) 
also anything adding a name on a website from which you can't opt out is wrong . consent is an amazing thing . 
that should be a meme . 
i'm disappointed he didn't tattoo it on his forehead 
i can't help but wonder which sites you're still visiting then . 
i'm including both genders in " les hommes " though ( " joys " of the french language , " hommes " also means humans ) :) 
visiting " le cabinet des curiosités " of caen's university !LINK! phrenology skull from the 19th c . 
the heat ate my tweets . 
#ff you guys <3 
me tromper donc bon ... ) 
portia <3 <3 <3 
two days left until i have to be an adult again . someone please save me . ( actually don't , i'm gonna enjoy it ) 
me today as i left work for a looong extended weekend ( spotted in covent garden by a redditor ) 
that's what i'm afraid of :( 
finally gonna be able to drive you guys ! !LINK! 
i was with you for a while <3 just decided to give it another try a few weeks ago . back to the naughty corner for 
listening or reading horror / scifi lately feels more comfortable than reading the news . 
“ i ’ m trying to commercialize my dad , he said . “ that ’ s my objective . ” !LINK! ” 
yay for haunted houses : the ghost story is back - !LINK! 
got to see this with today and that was well beautiful . ( at la hague ) 
i'd guess so indeed : x 
french retro is the best kind of retro !LINK! 
i do agree though , most gamers are decent people . 
and a stake and a pentacle . 
right back at you ❤ 
woa that sounds like fun , hope you'll tweet about your future decks :) 
i do believe so , but to be honest i was mainly pointing at mo laughing at our tweets :D 
fantastic article on ‘ splendor and misery : images of prostitution , ’ capturing a profession in paris through artists ’ eyes , via 
peeple : because you should live according to other people standards and feedback !LINK! 
hello friend #mrrobot 
so many exciting shows this summer , i really don't know which one i would suggest first . but the current binge watch goes to humans . 
internet knowledge : paris , 1946 . by edward clark #becauseimissyouparis !LINK! 
pokemew !LINK! 
trust me to wanna try wildstar f2p when the servers are down . go me . 
via what do doctors say to ' alternative therapists ' when a patient dies ? nothing . we never talk !LINK! 
local news in calais are reporting the fire was linked to an electric incident and is unrelated to paris !LINK! 
it's definitely as terrifying as a black mirror episode . 
so not surprising sadly :( 
not ashamed to admit that in front of android management of music , radios and podcasts , i'm beginning to miss itunes . there , said it . 
sorry for being quiet apart from rts lately . but that's how i like to be : quiet and listening . 
that amazing moment when you realise you still have some kyo-matcha chocolate patiently waiting for you in the fridge . 
( take that influenceurs ) xoxo 
okay , indeed not scary but hugggeee . 
create your own text adventure and have others read it and contribute to it on " too many endings " - !LINK! 
thank you dear :D 
hmm , i'll check it out then , i do think i heard some good reviews about it aswell . 
yes . yes . 
to prevent brain leakage , allow us to wear headphones . 
more and more iceland is beginning to be a very attractive place to me !LINK! ( via ) 
sonotinterested :( 
today's slacking schedule !LINK! 
japanese typewriters !LINK! 
damn those tech savy ppl with shiny devices . i'll check if there's a desktop version at some point , that'll solve our mystery 
she * i don't know , but apparently now they pissed off several people , including my bosses . 
choices ! 
dear catcallers , unsolicited advice on tanning my " too pale " skin will definitely make me want to give you my digits . !LINK! 
now tell me again why the surveillance law severing our privacy is absolutely needed to protect us ? 
she's supervising in case you're skimreading :D 
you know it's a good day at work when you get a fondant with chocolate at the restaurant . <3 
! ! ! !LINK! 
rating wars : for the cyberpunk choose-your-own-adventure text game fans !LINK! 
the robots competing in robotic challenge finals !LINK! my late uncle would be all over this . 
let's vote more surveillance laws , surely that will help in preventing attacks ! / sss 
alan moore answers 75 questions from the goodreads community for horror week !LINK! 
i probably should take this as a sign i shouldn't dip my active toes in mmos grinding fest . 
" we'll start seeing a different class of medicine , a digital medicine built on experience & interactivity . " !LINK! #gaming 
would be a perfect fit for my sencha tea #teafreak !LINK! 
' crosoft on acid @_ @ !LINK! 
people are overwhelming . 
my gaming experience actually showed me that the smart guys tend to not bother with groups dedicated to " girls " 
original star wars script from 1976 discovered in canadian library ( so ... who shot first ? ) !LINK! 
apologies for the french tweets of late , lots of slacktivism had to be done . 
i'd say more busy than usual :) there was quite a lot to sort :D 
why always the mages :( 
i guess sarcasm does count in that case then , but i do hope he was a fluent speaker of it :D 
damn you , i'm supposed to be working ! 
it does look like it ! 
ah well , rephrasing : " i know where i'm going in 4 years " ! 
4h still sounds like hell - happy to hear it's all better . 
while everyone's seriously hyping fallout 4 , just know i'll be happily throwing poo and pee in isaac afterbirth . #justgirlythings 
yes ! prequels arent necessary though . 
i believe for facebook it's to force the ticker to show the post , but yes , it's also very weird and disturbing . 
!LINK! 
as soon as i'm off work , yes :D 
i think she had aswell , and i really can't blame you both ! but damn . those sleeves still . 
that was properly appropriate 
there is so many around doing this exact same thing lately , did i tweet about it in the past ? 
another reason why i did love #sense8 very much : their treatment of empathy !LINK! 
( and if i don't tweet in the next 48h , you'll know my cat decided to sit on my face during my sleep , for revenge ) 
understandable really . we were close to school here and i can't say my parents had a lot of free time either . 
approuved ! mine would be o verona !LINK! 
. i wear the guts of my enemies as garters , does that count ? 
and always , always in paris . always . [ damn , i miss paris ] 
hey major labels ? you're outdated . !LINK! ( via ) 
while we're talking planners addiction , hobonichi also has a sweet tumblr full of hobo porn !LINK! 
" staaate ooof emergencyyy , how beautiful to be ~ " #not 
on sobriety and being happy with what you have !LINK! ( i need to watch #human ) 
i know , that's a bit sad but at the same time i'm not sure what we could expect either . 
let's hope it stays that way ! 
yep , had tweeted about it back in the days . 
french graphic designer is denuding tokyo from its neon ads saturated streetscape !LINK! 
exactly this ! 
let's talk seriously though , if we have supernatural on can we also have buffy at some point ? and angel please . 
wil wheaton on his social anxiety !LINK! if i could post this video several times i would . 
that bad ? :( 
i'm definitely not an expert but this is what i would call cynical bs . 
theory on my buffy rewatch : what if the entire serie is really just about the rise of dark willow and the rest a convenient accessory ? 
this just made my day . 
i have geocities nostalgia !LINK! 
thank you twitter for making my mornings such an interesting / enlightening / fun moment . and no , i'm not being sarcastic . #lovance 
never have been happier not watching french tv . anything there atm is just fueling the hate / fear . 
paris , i am in you ❤ !LINK! 
started doing this as a preteen , but at 7 i believe the parental unit would have popped a vein worrying 
or go to work ... : x 
friend in paris reopened her shop , telling me " it feels like spring " . the sun is high and comforting , ppl walking around taking their time . 
half watching vampire diaries until i hear voice and semi-expect him to say " you have failed this city ! " 
à propos of #lrt !LINK! 
damnit i'm missing all the oldnew fun . 
planning my escape - from yesterday , the most iconic used bookstore in caen : memoranda !LINK! 
that bad ? 
that awkward moment when your colleagues ask your plans for the weekend , and you answer " reading , gaming , reading , netflixing , reading . " 
by the smell ! rainy summer smells like ozone and decaying things , especially at the end . 
404 :( 
augustin fresnel bust ( might have been bitten by a zombie statue as said ) !LINK! 
yes indeed ! trying to make the most of my days before september start . plus the night is always delightfully quiet . 
oooh i know what you mean ahah . currently addicted to a plain drawing pen from pilot - yes for writing ! 
#tea 
" view source " 
music break . three years the song is out and still in love with it - mind you their judex clip was the best . !LINK! 
just subscribed :D thank you ! 
metarmorpolis - the rise of a chinese mega city !LINK! 
my kind of game ! 
i can imagine yes , shame though because i find it mesmerizing . 
i'm honestly at loss for words at the time being 
reading #etatdurgence i'm not sure who's scaring me the most anymore , terrorism or the gov . 
oh hell no , the day i'm in space i tote not interact with earthlings > . > 
on ay spayssialiste deu l'emploua 
i now have faith in humanity . 
why do i suddenly get crapnn on my who to follow sidebar ? 
confession : i sometimes read comments just to feel terrible about " humanity " . 
friend working at balanciaga is already praying the incoming collections will be salable !LINK! ( but dude , margiela ) 
when i'm on about data : your fitbit will be used against you !LINK! 
this is possibly my new favourite tumblr ever , and on top of that , it's french !LINK! !LINK! 
<3 :D * happydance * 
content is overrated . 
thank you for the kind words :) and doing my best ! 
thats very strange and possibly wrong , but reading it , it made me think of my own view of france . 
yesyesyesyesyes 
surreal here , i understand the danger , but suddenly i feel like france is a very dark place full of very nasty people 
had to stop , their light talks about death gave me panic attacks . 
network effect explores the psychological effect of internet use on humanity . !LINK! 
well , with and talking about the beginner's guide , i guess i'm gonna submit to the temptation and get it for myself . 
i'd say september is the equivalent of my own " back to school " after two months of holidays here . 
yeah and also to be stalked , sadly . 
oui ahah :) 
ahah no , but digging into this because i end up hoping for more impact in fr with the recent laws being voted . 
qotd : the universe is full of testosterone , trust me , it's unbearable . - doctor who . 
i was going slow to make sure i finish once it restarts but damn , they're faster than i thought ! 
ahahah 
amazing . someone i had graciously helped with their website used my fb vacations to sneakily remove me . not even sure why i'm surprised . 
as a recent furbaby owner , i'm finally learning the real values in life : sleep , eat , play , death glaring intruders , nap . 
i knew of that one indeed ! camp does seem delightful though ( or my tl is filled with delightful people ? ) 
as usual :) 
i'm already hooked here :) 
spiky floof 
" most people want to hear the kiss-and-tell crap , the garbage on the bus . that's boring to me . " !LINK! 
how i play videogames #selfiesunday 
fantastic show so far ! 
i trust la voix du nord but i see so many other tweets with different affirmations . 
i'm too tired to react to your obvious taunt > . > ( enjoy ! ) 
" angelofdeath 412 : game stream quality is terrible " " your nickname is terrible and you don't see me moaning about it . " 
omg lush : o 
[ french ] apparently , asking why your bank mobile application is so intrusive can get you kicked from said bank !LINK! 
" sometimes " ? : o 
mine would be russian tea with bergamot ! 
podcast crush of the week !LINK! #cut #cut #cut thank you for the suggestion . 
. who needs to be interesting when you can buy an audience at the bus stop 
flakka : horror movies brought to reality . 
ohmymaynard !LINK! 
ahahah agreed ! 
" hyperbole is the best thing ever . " forever bookmarking those rhetorical devices explained - !LINK! 
she's still too shy to sit on my lap :( ( but she snuggles right to my side ! ) that sounds like a good idea though ! 
ahahaha :D 
if i can be honest , lately i've been " scared " of losing my curiousity for anything new . time is an issue . 
indeed . and what do we know about the patriot act ? that it's unconstitutional . 
for your monday dose of vertigo , ponte city apartments in johannesburg !LINK! 
i doubt it but i hope everything will be sorted out soon for you ! 
<3 ! ! ! ( even if i have the album right next to me ahah ) 
that being said , it's the perfect timing , listening to npr's views on the recent thalys attack as a french person . 
" don't give advice about eve that applies equally well to life in general . that's cheating . " !LINK! 
i know what is it , it's as soon as i start melting . which is around 25 ° c 
step 1 : tracking in the classroom . step 2 : tracking in work environment ( if we still have a job actually ) !LINK! 
poke can i has please ? * xenomorph eyes * !LINK! 
nice take on ready player one by florian de gesincourt . many more gorgeous pieces on !LINK! 
it does have multiple effects , which makes the beauty of it :D 
in paris . full of gyozas . watered with bubble tea . filled with happiness . 
and that's it . one whole year without an analog cig . super proud . hot cocoa to celebrate because yay me . 
* good vibes * :) 
always a good time ! not sure what i will do with mine , for now just being able to follow my good people is enough ! 
oh gross :( 
mmm , merci :) 
( but yeah , they're a lifesaver ) 
still wondering if we see things differently in eu about this 
oldschool 4lyf ! :) 
here sums our concerns very well !LINK! 
argotopolis , a map of london slang organised around relevant locations in the capital !LINK! 
working hard toward that :) merci :D 
rural french are the worst . also parisians . scratch that : frenchies are the worst . 
just noticed the autopost function from tumblr is adding emojis according to the post format used and i find it super cool and cute . 
psst . wanna see a lady rig ? !LINK! more hardware porn on the creator's blog !LINK! 
( very sorry for the terrible reflection ) 
did you find someone to ease the pain at least ? 
unappropriate movie of the night : the purge anarchy . depressing . 
terrible realisation of the night : my english skills for actual spoken words are getting rusty since i stopped raiding . will fix that . 
stars were universal , not sure why they need to cutify everything . 
vaginal syringe , used in the 18th c . prolly longer than my forearm #cringe from le cabinet des curiosités in caen . 
amen * fear * 
dude , privacy is sooo overrated . 
black tapes ! and they tricked me into hearing the unsound . scared . 
i'm " lucky " i'm in normandy . friends are safe aswell . thank you , and sending you all the good vibes aswell , we all need them . 
<3 :D 
next time it will be chocolate from in paris hopefully ! 
i'll request picshures ! 
not because i'm afraid to disturb their busy life , i stay a quiet person . but because i don't want the idea i have of them to be " spoiled " . 
true , one of my friends is actually running one ! 
i wasn't expecting to be left speechless tonight , but advantageous certainly did !LINK! subtle yet stunning dystopia 
i kept wondering what you were talking about until i noticed their change . allow me a facelpalm ( and have a heart ) 
psa to new followers : hai ! as a french person , i sometimes tweet in french , mainly to rant or curse . 
it's really lovely , you definitely should ! 
ohla , t'es trop advanced fur mich là ! 
now checking convertible dresses on pinterest , but they do look like the opposite of what i'm looking for ahah 
oooh le pi bag * grabby hands * 
oh lucky you . mind you i can be one to say i saw them live then almost died , literally . 
bonus point while being completely unrelated , this made me want to rewatch sympathy for lady vengeance . for the same motherly love motif . 
tell me the dog doesn't die . 
freaked out at a missing icon on my phone , just to realise that's how it looks when your inbox = 0 . 
i can't blame you , even though i find them so far less depressing than the french news ( wrong choice of show obv for me ) 
( but yes , most likely ) 
france today : omg what ! ? the nsa was spying on the elysée ? outrage ! inacceptable ! anyway ... so , about our own surveillance bill you guys ... 
" cool " ( although i still can't make myself like futurama ) 
what's happening ? 
hmmm , i had read on reddit npr casts were quite good ? what do you think ? 
my kind of meditation !LINK! 
tough choice of the day : do i want to listen to npr and risk being depressed about the world , or do i want to listen to music and miss news ? 
just had to decline another teaching job in honfleur , again because schedules can't fit together . i feel oddly terrible . 
!LINK! 
psa . also works with " madame " " mademoiselle " 
im useful 
i don't mind your game not being translated in french . i do care when you wrongly assume everyone is using a qwerty keyboard . 
but but but ... i'll just pretend a few hours a day ! 
jewel staite in oubliette <3 <3 <3 #xfilesrewatch 
fr exams are a marvel this year : petition against questions deemed too hard !LINK! & lost copies !LINK! 
i'm preparing the cookies . 
mmm i'll have to watch this one . in the morning . 
wtb friends ! 11 ! 
lurking sarah michelle gellar instagram and now i wanna rewatch buffy all over again . 
i ended up enjoying episodes where they tease each others more than the ones supposed to advance the plot , which says a lot . 
excellent illustration choice - and scary one aswell . !LINK! 
axent wear cat ear on #tsw i'm so back to the game now . 
tokyo doesn't seem too well in #tsw 
you're jesus multiplying bitcoins ? 
pocket error ! 
i'm embarrassed for the frenchies aswell ! oh . 
how come if i may ask ? 
oh you definitely should ! and thank you very much for the info , will check the stream . 
true french elegance at " allez tous vous faire foutre " ( such a shame it's sold out ! ) 
keeping it for later :) 
but seriously : they're alright . i actually have more issues with people now that i'm back in normandy . 
keeping it for tomorrow : 3 
<3 
only price to pay to achieve cyber immortality : your precious precious datas . 
my reaction exactly :D 
way too speechless 
" fear not , we're benevolently watching you . " 
social cohesion in application right now on !LINK! 
and i do hope you'll share those selfies ! 
sylvain bourmeau on racism currently brewing in france !LINK! 
link relatif , via !LINK! 
i can imagine how scary it can be :( 
there's even a delightfully cute animation everytime you click on it . brb throwing up . 
omg stay safe 
( i love how most of the nice folks i'm following are also listening to ) 
after 40 years , dungeons & dragons still brings players to the table - !LINK! 
some shut-eye , or i'll end up talking nonsense :) thank you for the suggestions by the way . 
it's terrible , i'm hooked . 
i'd be curious to know if the weather in scotland is actually that different from normandy . and on that i gather i should get 
j'ai ri :D 
european parliament votes against net neutrality amendments #slowfacepalm !LINK! 
easy twist :( 
to cheer me for my 1st teaching meeting ( 2d job ) my best friend is sending me gifs of patrick stewart at the loos . both amazed & confused . 
that was actually used by women according to the description , also to baptise soon to be born children . #cringe 
ofc he is . he's david fucking tennant ! but yeah , good serie , really enjoying it . 
of spotify ? omg the pressure . 
true power of genius is to generate ideas without saying anything * nods * 
:( sending good vibes 
just created an account indeed :) 
very boo , much annoying ! 
: 3 
normandie love . 
i actually saw a filler somewhere - or maybe i'm tired . 
many reforms tried to change the system to improve it , each time they're met with foreceful noes 
a poetic vision of paris ’ s crumbling suburban high-rises !LINK! 
yeah but julia cordray doesn't get monies from facebook ! 
art crush of the day : harley quinn by frogart !LINK! 
“ never grow a wishbone , daughter , where your backbone ought to be . !LINK! ” 
i'm still baffled , can't decide if it's infuriating or just plainly hilarious . 
ahah yes ! 
he spreads the love and positivity . without an app . 
from inside the abbey of saint-etienne , #caen . !LINK! 
temporal gauche . 
v o i d - !LINK! 
introverts unite ! separately ... :) 
transistor ost on spotify . now i'm almost considering a premium account . almost . 
tanis episode 2 on pirate radio . father nostalgia <3 
hey . happy birthday <3 
oh boy 
because it is ! :D my legs are dead though : x 
“ while the u . s . has been a bad example , eu countries have been adopting similar or worse measures in the past years !LINK! ” 
damn you for not needing your hand held . 
careful , looks like it's escaping ! 
tristesse :( !LINK! 
<3 ! 
temptation of the day : teaching job offer as french lecturer in bratislava . 
i could also boot #tsw but each time i do , i end up in pangaea buying virtual clothes , then logging out to go shopping . 
that we're probably soon following them 
they're already reluctant for me listening to music , so imagine a tv : x 
ok , no , keanu + cute dog , this movie is amazing . !LINK! 
" a skirt lifted above her ankle . a beauty mark painted on her cheek . a direct gaze ... " !LINK! 
via til there's a ' suicide forest ' in japan !LINK! 
bosozoku women of japan !LINK! ( don't read the comments ) 
way to make me long for violins lessons 
as a former linguistic student , this conversation makes me super happy ( and giggly ) 
:| 
love you too sweetheart :) 
