must've been said before but how does inventing the windup radio qualify you to be england cricket coach ? 
these clearly are not his words and it adds insult to injury to pretend it is . just who is doing his pr ? 
yep , google translate explained that but stumbled over " kijkcijferhit " ... woss that ? some sort of ' hit ' ? 
to send cards to my american family do i do it thru moonpig us or thru moonpig uk ? 
have got a twinge in my goddam back , bloody annoying , not painful per se , but a bugger when i try to stand up . disk ? grrr 
la rochelle too ! finn masters world champs ... !LINK! 
hi annalise as a tall sailor myself huge congrats on the laser euros . go make some people blush ... !LINK! 
one pound for the bag , 5p for the crisps ! 
won my parking fine appeal ! ! ! 
no me neither , i'm a tum guy too ! 
even my wife observed that some of the challenges weren't consistently difficult . 
our shrunken speaker is lucky not to hit my heights or * mine * - telegraph !LINK! - bloody dwarfs 
share the knowledge then ! 
photo “ wyndham's pool yateley by simon smith #500px !LINK! ” 
afternoon tea done and dusted , double esspresso , 2 x wholemeal toast , lurpack spread sprinkled with cinnamon and truvia sweetner . #niceish 
so . tonight had better be a bloody better night for sleeping than last night ! #justsaying 
oh poor little soldiers ... bbc staff ballot for strike over ' stress ' - telegraph !LINK! 
denplan renewal just arrived - a cool £ 37 per month ! ! #milliondollarsmile ! 
there'll be dancing in the streets of south wales tonight acompanied by record condom sales #6nation 
every time i see that pic i hear the ride of the valkyries from apocalypse now ! 
access dinghies at burghfield sc 3 !LINK! 
minley road nr yateley 2nd day running bloody nightmare . what's going on ? 
you beat me to it ! reply should now be in your email inbox ! thanks ... simon 
so sex fabric arse is going to chelski eh ! 
wasn't it uber labour politico lenin who called voters ' useful idiots ' 
gizzi , i'm diabetic and wholemeal couscous is the best starch for me & keeping my blood sugar low . that & roast sweet potatoes 
dank 
oh to be only 6ft2 ! 
yateley - gorgeous horse - got me self a 9 out of 10 for this pic in competition ! #happy !LINK! 
here we go #lions 
baby otter ? nice in a salad i've heard . !LINK! 
letting fellaini play in his proper position and he scores goals . #manutd moyes what an idiot . van gaal , are you watching ? 
have a great evening . the other ycc - yateley camera club are doing the same tomorrow night , tho i fear suits will be very few ! 
dinner tonight rogon gosh with curried samphire . very very delicious ! 
beautiful walk around virginia water this afternoon . lot of police activity with helicopter checking out area around the ruins . 
according to my calendar it's 19 nov . good practice for boxing day then . hmmm ! merry christmas ! ! 
life in yateley is ever joyous ... it's april and we've got snow falling . 
blood sugar 10.4 this morning . drs going to kick my arse this afternoon ! 
boadicea , without whom we would now probably be part of a big european empire . oh hang on ... have to be maggie then ! 
sorry dan , did you experience the southampton traffic this morning ? no ? didn't think so ! brussels would ease the pain ! 
sailability sailors competing in the burghfield sailing club challenger open meeting 11 may 2013 # 3 !LINK! 
we've got fish n chips tonight ;-( 
felate your big toe ? hmmm no thanks ! however ... 
need to call us from uk regularly . thinking about rebtel . spend some time in france , will same charges apply to call us from there ? 
no julia it's isle of white not white isle ! easy mistake ! 
but did they charge you a dollar and a half just to see them ? 
oh that's so terrible soapy . 
castle bottom nature reserve in yateley 1 !LINK! 
yep , medivo's ontrack , gives me great bloodsugar records . android !LINK! 
hi how do you view old yateley magazines ? 
allison crowe - hallelujah - live-in-the-studio - enjoy ... !LINK! 
scorchio out here in the hampshire boondocks and then a bloody wasp decides to top itself in my 95 % full glass of ice cold squash ! #sweat 
that's the way to do it ! 
try thinking in quarters ... 100g is 4 ozs , 100mm is 4 inches ( well sort of approxish ) 
photo “ indian cannon outside the officer's mess at the rmac in sandhurst by simon smith #500px !LINK! ” 
the spanish are invading gibraltar and is in hospital having a back operation . coincidence ? i don't think so ! hurry up nigel 
just had a slab of cheddar cheese smothered with truffle oil and maldon sea salt . fab . you . lass ! 
sitting waiting at cherbourg looking at the ferry roasting in the afternoon sun . fairwell france it's been great . seeya next year ! 
mondays ... 
jesus watch - buy at !LINK! !LINK! 
barely use it but like your pics 
these are the best ... !LINK! 
yateley viewed from berkshire !LINK! 
a few giraffe and elephants wouldn't look out of place on the wildebeest plains of sub saharan farnborough . #niceone 
never has there been more appropriate cuff links for a person like me , and such good value too ! #vulgarian 
we're going to wait until it's dark in the belief that the masses are scared of the night . #hereshoping 
jesus and mo go to westminster — james ’ s blog !LINK! 
brrr bloody cold innit ! hot fish finger sandwich for lunch . hmmm deelish ! 
as predicted blood sugars high this morning . damn fine meal last night . must be good today ! 
lovely day out in the sticks . sunshine and frost ! 
nice day in blighty ! 
pics or it never happened ! you can take the girl oat of canada but you can't take canada oat of the girl ! 
only once the #conservatives act on behalf of their core voters & not expect them to believe the party's right & them wrong 
watching first ever gavin & stacey on dave ! never seen before , very good ! all the ads suck tho . 
how about ... !LINK! 
s4 mini just done big software update . to what ? still 4.4 . 2 mystery ... ? 
the old alice cooper look looks good ... !LINK! 
it's fun dontcha know ! !LINK! 
looks like it'll have to be a home made jobby , 2 bin bags and some insulating tape . if it's good enough for kate moss ... 
home made hummus to the lovely ' s recipe . hmmm delicious ! 
the sun is out , it's almost like summer ! oh the memories ! !LINK! 
hoorah ! my 2014 ancel adams calendar has finally turned up ! must order sooner for 2015 ! #amazeballs 
they actually made enough profit in the uk to be able to pay that amount of tax . seriously impressed . well done twitter 
oh maitlis you don't smoke ? say it isn't true :-( 
gardening done , new clematis put in , great rugger match on tv , good day , curry for dinner , summer's here , hm actually i'm bloody freezing ! 
here's a thought , why not do a road trip thru ukraine . friendly interesting place , nice neighbours . 
umbrella time !LINK! 
don't forget the yateley 10k runners from 7.30 
dig the shades babe ! happy bidet ! 
and it's getting more orange outside . what's going on ? eh ? 
sailability sailors competing in the burghfield sailing club challenger open meeting 11 may 2013 # 2 !LINK! 
oh cmon stop asking me to do the gmail survey . have done it once already , leave me alone ! 
no ! proves god is an englishman ! 
sky repeating the moment the notice was brought out ! gimme strength ! 
loads of new telegraph poles round my way too . think they might be for bt fibre optic broadband . 
where is this readable ? interesting ! happy international women's day ! 
omfg ! first bike ride of the year , the pain the pain ! my vote better had been worth it . 
it's not going to be great today ! 
looks like it's gonna be a long old day today #solstice 
bye bye , farewell , auf weidersehen nigel . lovely to have known you , but time to go our separate ways . 
oh so #crueltodiabetics 
windsor walkabout - richard branson's riverboat or maybe his second ! !LINK! 
back home from france and now watching big screen hd tv , wow it is amazing ! ! 
blimey , people might think i know what i'm talking about ! good you've discovered quinoa too , brillo stuff . mixed with bulgar 
wow that is brilliant , can you say where you got it done ? or did you print it your self ? 
plse accept our apols in advance as we will be upstairs from about 7.30 putting out chairs and stuff . terrible noise insulation 
that said she is a bit of a looker . now what does john inverdale think ? 
blimey . depressing :-( 
watching fulham i kept thinking ronaldo would have non stop dribbled thru the penalty area getting fouled & winning penalties . moyes 
i had assumed giles would be the blower not the blowee . 
was in ascot today , perfect o2 4g coverage ! when's yateley going to get this 
sitting at the outlaw's house in bracknell with o2 4g internet . bloody hell ! civilization ! ! 
she forgot to tell you winner also gets an all expenses holiday to thailand too ! 
anyone recommend a hifi repair man in or near yateley / fleet to fix a denon dab cd radio unit ? 
b & w ... 
ipod no more ? only apple product ever owned . 8 yrs old & still perfect ! !LINK! 
i'm up to a massive 2.5 gig on my gmail . should i be worried ? ! 
your toes are very long ! very attractive tho ! only kidding ! 
argh ! bloody parking ticket today ! there will be tears ! bastards 
though obviously not sayings it's next's fault because they're so popular ! #nearlykilledidiototherdrivers 
next 36 hours is going to be diabetically terrible ! #bigbirthdayparty #sweet #diabetes #saveme ! 
ok , that looks pretty impressive ! 
back from seeing les misérables at the flicks . brillo , memories from may 1986 when we saw the original production in london . yep good . 
ed balls 
dear saira , wish people would stop implying diabetes is a lifestyle condition , i was a super healthy sportsman and got it xx 
jill halfpenny - man of the match #6nations 
blurb sent ! we have a tent at the may fayre and our annual exhibition is next weekend ! 
watched #luther last night . senses heightened . no killers in the wardrobe . agh ! neighbour's bloody cat's in the house ! survived feline death 
not very impressive this bunch of prospective labour leaders . 
hope some other crim does the right thing 
alex ferguson wayne rooney real madrid ring a bell ? 
or maybe ... !LINK! 
try ! #6nations 
century gothic , ok to look at but ... uses hardly any ink , cartridges will last much much longer . 
it would have to apply only from ' your next house ' value 
female finn sailors ... the stuff of dreams ! 
tnx , found it , thanks for the response . 
my dear friend habi taking the same pictures as me at the olympic park !LINK! 
ages and sexes compete equally in the yateley 10k race aug 6 yateley 10kaug6 - 0002 !LINK! 
have to walk down town and it looks and feels ice cold . #yateley siberia 
what a crap mediocre quote . 
it was never a legit war , bush just needed some muslim arse to kick after 9/11 regardless of if they were complicit . 
#onlyconnect does victoria have tidy hair tonight ? haven't noticed ! 
bbc news - this in the 21st century ! ? isis imposes rules on christians in raqqa syria !LINK! 
oh yes ! 
thanx , iphone only app , but there looks like quite a few android alternatives . roll on lunch time ! 
persuaded by nephews to install kik messenger on phone . seems pretty good and great way to waste time . type speed needs increasing tho . 
so that retard cameron is promising yet more english money via the barnett formula to the ungrateful scots . time for both to go 
kimeridge bay ww2 pill box !LINK! 
good 
dear god will is epically stupid . real foot in the tv performance there thicko . if he gotin i'd move to france , be better there 
in flanders fields the poppies blow between the crosses , row on row 
strictly fans ' fury over corrie star trained as a dancer !LINK! via - naughty minx ! cheating ! 
i dunno if it's just me , but it does sort've feel as if it's turned cooold . 
fellaini will impress when he can play attacking midfield . rooney , mata , kagawa , fellaini all vying for same postion . doh ! 
berries but no leaves part of yateley camera club's red project !LINK! 
bald ? 
maybe they should be on naproxen now . never heard of it before tho ... !LINK! 
nice one ! congrats 
done some serious gardening today , just wish i hadn't bought the biggest hedgetrimmer in the world . serious arm , shoulder and neck ache ! 
new clematis finally growing , now 4 inches high , great expectations for this baby ! 
farrell ... penalty 3 more points 
man utd & cardiff wear red and win their leagues . reading qpr & wigan wear blue & are going down . we need to change to red now ! 
hussey ? 
#ican do anything except the washing up . my wife understands , i have explained and she says she believes me ! bloody diabetes ! 
brothers in arms ? 
oh my god , my twitter account is clearly one of the ones hacked , obviously by a psychopath ! you next ? 
yateley 10k runners on cricket hill # 2 !LINK! 
no entry . part of yateley camera club's red project !LINK! 
have a really crappy netgear dg824g v5 router . keeps hanging with all lights illuminated . always having to reboot . grrr 
so back from the dentist with a prescription for antibiotics . should clear up infection and any other infections that might need clearing ! 
sailability sailors competing in the burghfield sailing club challenger open meeting 11 may 2013 # 2 !LINK! 
you knew what she was thinking tho ! 
k8 imho most of the ww1 disasters could be put down to a greater belief in god , an afterlife , deference & lesserly sacrifice 
where you been lately hot lips ? 
long exposure 2 !LINK! the secondhand moves evenly and smoothly 
hell yes ! 
if it's footy for football surely it should be socky for soccer . have a nice day ! 
1st message was sent on april 25 , 2001 , 12 plus years its been running ! 
not been to sultan gardens but for meal out try tam tam . !LINK! 
defo one of the most interesting ones of late . so you're a prince , how many times removed ! ? 
a beef and egg salad with side serving of chips . hmmm , love it ! when in france and all that !LINK! 
my my , the weather's really gone mid july hasn't it ! not 
oh dear i think i've been a bit too aggressive to some poor cold caller . the rugby's on i mean ! 
your birthday too ? ! ? me and alan sugar 
oh yes genuine number plate ! check ... !LINK! 
please to remember the fifth of november . according to my 43 year old aquastar that'll be tuesday ! plenty of fireworks here . 
sweet onion brioche ? hmmm ! 
that's a bummer , sorry about that , what hardware are you using ? 
indeed , very joni mitchell - " big yellow taxi " they paved paradise and put up a parking lot 
just noticed , our lawns have turned a funny colour , yep they're going green ! 
!LINK! 
#blattergate - what's this all about ? 
caption competition : - trout has collagen injections and ends up with leslie ash pout 
yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay 
today's lunch , cherry tomatoes , feta cheese , hovis bread and lashings of olive oil . deelish ! 
cool ? haven't you seen where they are on a map ? next stop north pole . agreed they're very cool . 
good luck andy , did it the other week , great fun !LINK! 
race 1 america's cup - new zealand by 36 secs - yay go kiwis ! ! ! 
65 knot + rocket ride anniversary edit . - youtube !LINK! 
last night's roast potatoes cold and liberally sprinkled in sea salt . great monday lunch . try it #dontsneer ! 
view from the smith stand in melbourne at the lions match 
obviously explains why the only associate professorship he could get was at tumbledown hicksville uni harvard 
. doh , are you so imbecilic you can't actually cut your own hedges ? or do i have to pay you tax to do it myself ? 
!LINK! 
sad looking phone box in east london ... !LINK! 
blimey sky's gone all dark and we're being sand blasted with hail . impressive ! #gladtobeindoors 
cheers am but french food bread pastry and stuff playing havoc with the old blood sugars :( 
it's turned right bloomin cold round this way in the last half hour , brrr #yateley shiver ma timbers ! 
so how do you implement public key encryption in hotmail then ? #prism microsoft " your privacy is our priority " my arse 
yes ! and very good it is too ! i hear june's photo of the month was quite good also ! !LINK! 
so going bald is going to kill me thru a heart attack ! huh , plenty of other things will do that before that happens ! . #luckytobestillalive 
great day out at the heritage day sandhurst rmac !LINK! 
jws rang the door bell , stayed silent prayed ( ! ) the phone wouldn't go off . eventually they put a leaflet thru door . 
hate smoke , save us from cancer - bbc news - have pub beer gardens now become smoking gardens ? !LINK! 
a few fireworks going off at the mo . only half past 6 , cmon , we want more ! 
' dinner ' , hmmm , not rushing to the airport , try again ! ! 
as john lennon once said , doing nothing is not a waste of time ! a philosophy i'm quite expert at , apparently 
that is good . take care 
beautiful day here in the yateley boondocks . gotta stay in and watch the monaco grand prix #priorities 
personally i think your new hair cut looks great ... 
happy #internationalwomensday ladies , remember next wednesday mar 14 is steak & bj day for men !LINK! every one'll be happy ! 
poor thing , only got one ball then ! 
beetroot shots will help you mentally and physically ... !LINK! 
got a bloody great scab on the top of my head where i head butted a kitchen cabinet #tallguyproblems 
you can spot the tension in her legs but she does look very relaxed . how tall is she ? 
breakfast . french cows enjoying their breakfast . yateley camera club comp entry !LINK! 
dear mother cooking hell , my internet is not getting any faster , 2 hours of treacle mr talk talk . fixit ffs ! 
wodger going for ? 5d ? 
" : the tories don ’ t get it , they really believe everything is fixed . they just don ’ t get the problem . - ed " love ed the idiot 
at the same time i hope they'll join the coalition in bombing isis in syria . 
instant messenging with brother in seattle watching america's cup ! yay cmon nz ! 
which was more expected ? 
i don't think man utd owners are wealthy enough to buy all the players they need . moyes is the right man but needs the right players 
this is crap allowing itv to host all england home matches in the 6 nations . adverts adverts plebby adverts . 
grandma 
express breakfast - what yer gotta have when you're late ! !LINK! 
many years of paranoia about giving out my mobile phone number got my first spam call . 08432890037 die you bastards 
blimey , better let the wife know ! thanks . 
if you look across the bay you'll see in excess of 250 finn sailing dinghies holding a world championship . #bigboyboats 
they use the french pronounciation , tho they don't say ' otel . hmmm americans ! ! 
bikinis on reading rd ? cmon you know the rule ; pics or it never happened ! 
are you watching the cricket irm ? holland have just beaten england in the world cup ! amazing , well done ! 
you're very welcome , i love this style of black and white . look forward to seeing the completed project . 
a ha , at least someone noticed ! cheeers . when are your firework pics being published ? 
images from the july 8 2015 yateley 10k #flickr !LINK! 
oh my god , i am so excited , white smoke , a new #pope has been elected . nah , wtf 
that jacket was shit . ok ? 
wellington college new year's day 2015 i !LINK! 
why does any one go to glasgow ? 
home made falafels . taste so much nicer than they look ! !LINK! 
" only hot air " hmmm ! 
casually browsing the birthdays in today's daily telegraph & behold gabby logan turns 40 today . pretty damn good for 40 i say ! 
thanks , will try them . 
omg ! am i allowed to publish photos taken outside broadmoor ? not sure they'll help anyone escape and all that ! gulp ! 
black opps chopper coming in to land at blackbushe airport 
so so in love ! utterly charming 
thanks for an interesting evening helen , certainly some good stuff for the future . 
definitely the real thing . coca cola can on its tod !LINK! 
sailability sailors competing in the burghfield sailing club challenger open meeting 11 may 2013 # 3 !LINK! 
oh john mccririck you really are stupid aren't you , twas never about age , it was that you were so monumentally down market . doh ! 
sunrise from my bed ! yateley 
dhl !LINK! 
fleet pond photo comp in papers , which i am modestly sharing ! !LINK! 
kew gardens may 2013 - 3 !LINK! 
electroplated nickel silver spoons and forks #flickr !LINK! 
yateley 10k runners on cricket hill # 3 !LINK! 
etihad airways marketing team fc #mcfc beat impoverished united #mufc can't beat big bucks . 
depends whether your target viewers are habitual bbc 4 viewers or itv / ch5 viewers . it matters what you broadcast on i'm afraid 
sorry but my 7 month old hudl no longer remains connected to wifi for more than a few mins . i'll be visiting your store soon ! :( 
penalty ! ! ! 7-13 #lions 
so , about to leave in the mist and rain to see the nurse about my ongoing blood sugars problem . have mercy on my soul please ! 
if you were cooking just for me then i think should win . #justsaying ! 
very definitely marie-antoinette . you can have your cake and eat it ! 
phantom racing dinghy at burghfield sailing club !LINK! 
as you are ma'am 
where has sardinia corsica and crete gone off the chatham house map of europe ? 
pearl necklace ? 
" we're going to need considerably bigger buns " brave girls ! 
unite , the ' shadow government ' 
only 632 years ! what's that they say about german efficiency ! ! 
flickr users : we hate the new site !LINK! via 
finally saw 2 red kites flying over yateley . yay at last ! birds of choice , clearly flying around waitrose 
stuff sent to charlotte , hope ok ? 
life is like sanskrit read to a pony . 
what ? 2 grand a year ! do you own a farm full of pets ? sounds barmy ! 
did some gardening yesterday , cut back my clematises . this time last year they were virtually dead , sprang into life beautifully . 
miliband rejects english votes for english laws . following in his father's footsteps then . !LINK! 
i'm sure it's not that bad . there'll always be someone out there that would ! mind you 50 ? on second thoughts ! xx 
viviane reding , vice president of the european commission wants a united states of europe ! oh fab you louse ! 
sarah , as you've probably beenhacked get thee to !LINK! and revoke all access settings and then start again ! 
have you got yateley camera club's details ? 
view from the smith stand in sydney ! cmon #lions 
isn't this it ? 
1982 i was at twickers to see england beat australia and today i did again ! this time no erica roe tho ! #neverasgoodasthepast 
2 red kites circling over our house . fabulous ! ! 
hi phil , i take it that this is never going to happen ? gp visit limitations - simon ( dm2 ) !LINK! 
two cappuccinos and an espresso !LINK! - if it's 11.00 am , then it has to be coffee time 
in the finish zone of the yateley 10k yateley 10kaug6 - 0005 !LINK! 
poor ed , still hopes for a pan european socialist utopia ! 
so 55 % of scots choose to continue to be subsidised by england . well what a surprise ! #scotlanddecides 
watching the charity shield yesterday was amazed that the tv cameras couldn't work with the incredible contrast of the sunshine and shade 
marmite , the devil's sputum , finally banned in parts of the civilised world , well canada anyway . next uk ? #hopefully #vilestuff 
i hear thunder in yateley ! riders on the storm !LINK! 
barney's coming to yateley ! !LINK! 
blimey t ' interweb is running bloody slow this afternoon . think i've still got a 14400 modem knocking around somewhere , that'll speed it up 
kew gardens may 2013 - 7 !LINK! 
apparently 14 march this year . was a nice spring day so i went for a photowalk around yateley !LINK! 
has to hillary and tenzing 
linux users still obstructed from parliamentary debates - !LINK! 
the tories are political idiots , it's all about winning elections . then they can do the stupid things like taxing the air 
nothing ever gets deleted expunged completely and utterly , it's still there , lurking & waiting for when you're not ready ! 
sorted out my dad's home network , quite easy actually , but i hate with a vengeance the metro gui on windows 8 . #utterrubbish 
campylobacter jejuni and hba 1c 65 - might as well just die now ! 
international selfie day ! #uglymugshot day more likely ! 
so they're gonna close bbc 3 . so what ? but not give us bbc 1 plus 1 - now that is crap . cos itv wouldn't like it . so what ! 
crikey ! sorry to hear this . 
good plan , however the weather was sunny and dry so walked the mile & half to the village . soaked to the skin . proof summer's been and gone . 
so xmas and nye gone , now time to get my blood sugars back under control #ihope ! 
ex god steve coppell is also celebrating a birthday as he turns 60 today . #justsayin ! ! 
having been brought up in reading my olfactory memories are huntley & palmers biscuits and courages brewing . not same now ! 
tell me about this keto bread alstublieft , dank 
nice , what lens ? 
#styleicon !LINK! 
spam sms text msgs drive me into psychotic rage ! installed 2 intelligent sms blockers . better work or there'll be trouble . bastards ! 
so not only are they having to sail in shit they have to put up with it ashore too ! roll on 2017 eh ! 
go on , put it on a sand coloured nato , that'll make it look war weary and butch ! 
i love chocolate oranges , will that work in a brownie ? 
went saturday night to see the latest yateley choral society concert ' a night at the opera ' , outstanding concert , prob 400 people audience 
coca cola can in the snow . camera club project to take photos with bright red coke can in them # 2 !LINK! 
so , hungry for lunch . first time ever , fish finger sandwich ! bloody amazing , loved it . 
can you understand my english accent ? ! ? ! 
yateley 10k road race 1 #flickr !LINK! 
bloody trust wifi keyboard just died , dead as a norwegian parrot . back on wired ... yay it works ! . wifi mouse still works tho ! 
iss tonight ... " 19 february 2013 incredibly bright 18:55 " hopefully still clear to see a moving dot ! 
according to the bbc weather app yesterday pm it was meant to be foggy . it wasn't . today they forecast sun . we'll see ! 
wine o'clock - end of the day theme competition entry for yateley camera club !LINK! 
good 
try ! ! ! #lions 
probably even . there's only 1 club known as united and 1 club known as real . you don't need to know their locations . 
cheeers , great service , great product btw ! 
why has the a331 blackwater valley rd northbound suddenly become so busy in the evenings this week ? 
if you learn , please share the knowledge ! 
inspired by we had a couscous inspired dinner tonight . it was shit ! not giving up , we will overcome this set back ! 
well ain't that the way it always goes . hey ho . i'm sure your l & s ones are better quality ... or maybe not ! 
some of my pictures from kew gardens turned into a photowall !LINK! 
aah so you're about 7 hours east of blighty , might narrow down your location for the top gear special ! 
the daffodils in the kitchen are producing the most amazing smell . wonderful ! 
that'll be great thanks . sort of wondering if the unit is salvageable but we'll see . cheeers 
ah , classic evidence of cut n shut . can you see the spot welds around the fuselage ? sit forward of that and you'll be ok ! 
yateley pond bank holiday monday !LINK! 
thankyou , now why couldn't i find that ! have a nice day ! 
thanks ! something to look forward to then ! ten o'clock looms ! gulp ! 
arms still recovering from buffing and waxing ann's car yesterday . looking redder and shinier than any ferrari . not that she drives one tho ! 
tor's good for playing spies or putting libelous comments on pastebin , but more importantly it doesn't have adblock #amusthave 
dutch reporter talking sailing . oops ! !LINK! 
back from the physio torturing my knackered shoulder . i am meant to be feeling better aren't i ? 
life on chiswick high rd - my yateley camera club exhibition winning pdi panel !LINK! 
stunning sky over yateley this evening , photographs not doing it justice ! 
champagne sailing at burghfield sailing club !LINK! 
huge thanks to alan fuller , gas engineer , in bracknell for doing superb job for my in laws - recommended ! !LINK! 
too right ! 
bryony who ? ;-) 
just popped in to waitrose to buy some things including a pint of milk . still don't know how much that cost . me and bojo 
well blimey 7 ( seven ) some northern blokes , i dunno , does it matter ? ! 
sorry louis but i think that maybe it's time for sir alex to take over . #manutd 
my clemetis that definitely looked beyond saving earlier this year is flowering beautifully ! 
carol , i visited kew gardens for the 1st time at the weekend , their blue bells were incredible too . !LINK! 
eu officials hope to use leveson's proposals to ensure british press promotes ' european values ' !LINK! 
it's been turned up side down ! good one ! 
spring time in yateley ffs ! 
see south african peter hain suggesting uk should give away our legitimate territory #gibraltar !LINK! #bloodyforeigners 
flying conditions at the phantom class national championships ... !LINK! 
- good stuff eh ! perfidious brussels spectator blogs !LINK! 
#homecounties4corbyn you know it makes sense ! 
blimey kate this storyline is seriously impressive . it must have taken weeks to compile . enjoying ! 
well fuck me , that's the way to do it . struggled all my life . now i know . thankyou daily mail 
the watch house at lepe !LINK! 
just made ' s spicy falafels . so easy & so tasty . deelish !LINK! 
my dab digital radio is having problems picking up clear signals this morning . weather ? bloody weather , it's always the bloody weather ! 
phew a bit knackered . good match though #6nations 
is it too soon ? #clarkeout 
well seems bizarre to feel so deflated after such a brilliant result . scotland's fault for rolling over so feebly . vote snp for independence 
gotta brag when your photos in the local rag ... 
poppy fields , the golden triangle of south reading's little afghanistan 2 #flickr !LINK! 
better than playing the japs eh ! ! 
pat benatar " heartbreaker " live : !LINK! via - fabulous , takes me back to 1981 in california and kmet radio . #tooold 
- hey dutch girl , is this true ? the dutch are trapped in europe !LINK! 
family been going down with achy bones and joints , me ? achy bloody * teeth . what's going on ? * not actually bleeding - expletive attributive ! 
phew had a good night's sleep thanks to mr melatonin , actually still feel a bit zonked but that's good ! kick ass day ! 
polo at guards club - windsor 4 - errr where's the ball gone ? ! !LINK! 
concentrate on the rugger woman ! or should i have binned this reply ! ? 
ho ho ho ... very astute ! #likeit 
irm , follow for rugger commentry . cmon the boyos ! 
long exposure - but how many seconds ! not bad for a 43 year old watch ! !LINK! 
went with in laws to a beefeater recently , had some industrial black forest gateaux . surprisingly nice & very big . #convert 
rolo , the recent emigree to us has hurt himself . get well soon you dirty dog ! 
ed balls 
dear 25 mins queuing with just 2 tellers at fleet branch at 11.50 this am . terrible service . you shut yateley for this ? 
about time too ! !LINK! 
hank ? 
yateley 10k runners on cricket hill # 4 !LINK! 
laura wright is even better ! 
poppy fields - golden triangle of south reading's little afghanistan #flickr !LINK! 
beef rendang in oven for its 3 hour slow cook . definitely my fave #curry ! 
bloody atrebates , you leave your woman locked safely in your chariot and the buggers come along an nick her ! 
an officer and a gentleman in reverse ? i'll be your bit of rough ! 
so who's covering the gibraltar v slovakia match tonight ? forget england germany , this is much more important ! 
hurt / torn right shoulder muscle , bloody hurts . 6 years almost exactly since it was surgically rebuilt . augers well ! grrr 
there were 2 police cars and 2 ambulances there at 11.30 , tho no actual sign of an accident . about 200 yds from vigo lane turning 
oh what pathetic twaddle , typical spineless labour response , sit down , have a chat and agree to return #gibraltar #notalks 
. another windscreen shot ... 
a few snowflakes in the air in yateley . 
coca cola can project ends - photwall !LINK! 
many thanks for such a terrific talk last night at yateley camera club . many apolos for the first half disco #notourfault ! 
hey jezza i reckon should come knocking on your door ! 
bit of an over reaction surely to a misplaced apostrophe ? no , you did the right thing ! 
give credit - shopping in yateley co-op at 8.15 this morning was a pleasure , staff and pricing both excellent 
portent for the week .. i dropped my razor down the loo this morning ! yes i was shaving my face ! thankfully it was fully flushed . #timefornew 
netherlands vs ireland highlights t20 wc : !LINK! - from last week - enjoy 
back from dentists , all perfect except a bit of puffy gum around a crown ! 
aymast 
the view thru blackcurrant and apple squash ! !LINK! 
is that better or worse than hi < first name > ... 
2 nights running fabulous sunsets , 2 nights running no camera to hand ! nice one #yateley 
bbc promotes ' elitist ' view of sailing , says sir robin knox-johnston via !LINK! well said robin ! 
silvio berlusconi was right what he said ! 
sometimes they're pretty decent .. !LINK! 
sounds like you're coming over all dirty harry . go ahead punk make my day ! ! 
thinking coca cola !LINK! 
charlotte , looks like rayner or phil sent you wells for uganda stuff !LINK! great coverage . thanks 
it's been a hot sunny old day here in yateley but now it's turning all dark and foreboding , the end of the world is nigh ! 
clowns to the left of me , jokers to right . decision time . least worse option . #election 
unit is only about 3 yrs old . they're not used to touch sensitive buttons i guess ! 
yateley camera club exhibition fri 9 - sun 11 at the tythings . email sent 
immigrant song by led zep on show at the mo . amazing ! ! ! 
at least your nerves are not being shredded by #americascup coming , or not coming , from san francisco . let the wind blow ! 
indelibly marked as christian - read : !LINK! pics !LINK! 
ok so i've blocked anyone emailing me direct from google + honestly gmail / google what a stupid feature . easy setting to do 
blood sugar this morning sub 10 for the first time in ages ... 9.9 ! hooray , i'm cured ! #diabetes sucks ! 
slightly bizarre traffic reporting ! 5 mile radius set for north hampshire - traffic jams in france & germany ! 
as per one of the comments , never noticed the nipples staring out at you from the logo before . nice ones ! 
good idea in days past , but surely everyone with a smart phone has a pin activated lockscreen , therefore no access to ice . 
bikes parked in eton and their reflection !LINK! 
creedence clearwater revival - fortunate son - brilliant song - awesome but chilling video - !LINK! 
not actually going as fast as it looks ! approaching takeoff speed .. or not ! !LINK! 
#ff bakatcha 
led zep ripoff ? how about hotel california being a rip off of jethro tull's ' we used to know ' ? listen and hear ! 
starting to feel cold round yateley way . bad weather on its way no doubt . brrr 
ed balls ? 
wild shepherdess | kate humble : !LINK! via + she's a babe ! 
avantgardaclue , is it remembering previous visits to europe ? i'm in hampshire england 
well i don't know , maybe something to chew on ? 
what ? the australians want to leave the eu ? never saw that coming . 
really ? this is the best you can do ? ? weak weak weak . 
nice pic , wonder if it's the same one here ... !LINK! ? 
territorial integrity is overblown , peaceful yugoslavian style breakup required . ukraine / crimea , syria : alawite / sunni 
1st night under lightweight winter duvet , 10 tog , too hot ! will get used to it i guess . ice on cars too . scrapers ready ! 
backlit spider !LINK! 
lovely day in chiswick , nice curry but utterly crap weather , no chance of any city street photography . til next time then ! 
oh god , we're still stuck with them . #scotlanddecides 
tonights curry , tesco rohan josh was really crappy , all fat and slime . not impressed . every little helps 
of course , if they can't catch us , slow us down ! 
5 new illustrious class carriers would have given us greater reach and been cheaper . 
august blackberries in yateley !LINK! 
nice one , almost lowryish , some matchstick men would take it back 80 years 
how about the consumers getting sweaty at the thought of how much it's going to cost us with multiple subs ? 
goooaaalll 
red half moon in the sky just now , really really can't be arsed to get the camera out ! red sky ( moon ) at night shepherd's delight ? 
windsor great park - fall 2014 - an album on flickr !LINK! 
so do i , and beef rendang's what i had last sunday , hmmm , blooming deelish ! 
stephen , it's so much more fun in the championship ! 
glass toe ? 
is there an android app that simply displays ringer volume on notification bar ? #wouldbehelpfull 
moore & moore photography - photographic services to fleet in hampshire and surrounding area . !LINK! 
camera club hands project - faffing with the remote control ! !LINK! 
think she's saying , half an inch smaller and you would have been born a girl ! 
hi chris welcome to twitter ! feel free to tweet rubbish , i do , it's easy ! ! 
sarah , buy white blanched almonds , dry fry them in hot pan with a bit of salt till they brown . now those are the best almonds ! 
that'll do it ! getting the rugby out there ? 
back from parental taxiing and watching f1 monza quallies . tescos later . heyho ! 
thankyou ! do they generally need to be yateleyish ? 
you might find yourself coming home against all the traffic . #probablynot 
i wonder if my sky + remembered series record from last year for f1 ? 
i like gibraltar , there's a naff program on channel 5 at the moment 
dear god , just had sky on the phone trying to flog me some more things . stop , i am quite happy with what i've got . leave me alone ! 
kew gardens may 2013 - 4 !LINK! 
back from rossini's in wokingham celebrating my dad's birthday . great meal and lost my limoncello virginity . fab , now where can i buy some ? 
salt fetishist ? 
looks like it , bet charles is spitting blood ! 
blacksmiths - rural craft theme competition entry for yateley camera club !LINK! 
sandbanks ferry !LINK! 
yep , only 196 days til christmas . 
back from a rather glorious walk around fleet pond . sunshine and few others #gladtobealive 
oh no ... it's the eve of destruction ! !LINK! 
sailability sailors competing in the burghfield sailing club challenger open meeting 11 may 2013 !LINK! 
a couple of weeks ago they were saying we'd have an indian summer . huh more like a northern canada autumn ! might have to get the fire going ! 
en u 
sanbanks ferry loaded up and now departing !LINK! 
spose if angela merkel is being hacked she needs a completely american-free phone , no android iphone etc . ubuntu phone anyone ? 
i imagine you're an iphone sort of gal ... !LINK! 
fraid not , but best friend for all roving reporters ... !LINK! with electronic devices . 
hba 1c 57 mmol #bollocks . 7.4 in old units :) mooore insulin or bang some byetta into the mix 
good day at hawley fayre if a bit / very hot for yateley camera club . definitely 4 new members look like joining . 
wifey stunned when i told her the queen had abdicated for prince charles ! gotcha ! #aprilfool 
fifa find qatar innocent and england guilty . as predictable as a jury in liverpool finding gerard not guilty . 
sorry to hear this . the beach is the place , the seas's warm . don't think i ever used the pools . hey ho 
austria ! ! ! 
the sun has got his hat on , hip hip hip hooray ! yay yateley ! 
sunday lunchtime the checkout queues were like christmas eve . almost tempted to now go to the co-op #yateley 
diabetic , doh , you've forgotten :-( 
yes this is very sad , extremely sad , however this compulsion appears to be highly contagious ! 
yateley 10k runners on cricket hill # 3 !LINK! 
wholemeal couscous with smoked sesame oil drizzled over it works for me . deelish ! 
not that i'm an expert or anything but looked a bit like the medivac chopper i've seen at frimley park . 
how about using pillow cases ? 
back from the dentists , apparently i've got an infection in my gums . just bloody great ! 
that sounds a lot , but is it ? 
busy old morning , wifey delivered to london , astra's had new plugs and washing put out on the line ! #manlife 
put on my 42 year old aquastar diver's watch . still keeps perfect time but won't be going anywhere near water ! 
only marginally less convenient , try an aeropress coffee maker ... !LINK! ... makes a perfect espresso 
noah seen in yateley 
basingstoke canal at odiham 3 !LINK! 
just had 2 trick or tweeters and it's not even 5.30 ! wished me #happyhalloween tho . come on rain piss down ! 
please help support diabetes , add a #twibbon now ! !LINK! 
only 20 yeards to go ( 2 ) yateley 10kaug6 - 0003 !LINK! 
we fly yearly lgw to nantes . nothing showing for aug this year , still flying route ? or soton / larochelle . winter / summer timetables ? ta 
yateley sunset , red sky at night ... 
no ! simply moor an elderly nuclear powered submarine in full view for a few months will have them up in arms ! 
according to it's the uk's peter dubens of oakley capital investments 
mr number blocked 4 ' private number ' calls this morning ... so far ! 
yes i'm feeling hungry too ! ! 
i just bought : ' kinobo 5 megapixel usb webcam for ubuntu / linux / unix laptop desktop ' by kinobo via !LINK! 
happy friday the 13th - 27 years of wedded bliss . as i assume my wife would say ! 
not tonight josephine . only kidding ! 
taken at windsor great park in spectacularly crap weather - cow pond pavillion !LINK! 
i go to rugby matches , fans get drunk and they're all sweet and nice . the thing is arseholes tend to support football . 
been there done that , survived thanks to otterbox . other cases are available ! !LINK! 
yateley 10k runners on cricket hill # 2 !LINK! 
csi lip sync is out tonight channel 5 
so is that a cold day in hell ? :-) 

a shot of our greenhouse ! !LINK! 
my 43 year old watch , still utterly reliable ! !LINK! 
and this was 6 years after the war ! obesity wasn't so much of a problem then ! 
#ukstorm #storm2013 getting very serious now , sky's gone really black . 
oh stop messing around and actually shoot that damn panda ! #onlytheplasticone ! 
phew , it's a scorcher all right ! #yateley #sizzles 
access dinghies at burghfield sc 5 !LINK! 
great talk at the tythings last night slightly spoiled by morons deliberately making noise and bangingon windows . 
looks good , very tasty , proudface indeed . unfortunately blood sugars 13.1 so i can only imagine eating it ! #diabetes sucks ! 
just had a percol double espresso at chez smith and bloody good it was too #guardiancoffee percol percol percol ! ! ! 
blimey , wouldn't have guessed that . hey ho , that's luther for you ! 
hi gerry , looking forward to you opening the yateleycameraclub exhibition tomorrow evening . seeya 7.30 ish at the tythings . 
dave ffs think about introducing some new council tax bands to nullify mansion tax . not that it effects me tho 
my shithole of a comprehensive in the 70s could only aspire to a culture of ' low expectations ' barbara castle rot in hell . 
huh ! at least you've got blue skies . today here ? yes , crap from dawn to dusk ! have a nice day now ya hear ! 
just checked my gmail spam box and not 1 single spam email went there yesterday ! #mustbearecord ! 
seriously disappointed in my latest gap jeans ! bought in jan as 36 inch waist now stretched up to 41 inches 
doh knobhead ! total media blackout in our gaff until after watching the recording . you'll learn ! well done kimi ! 
i'll check it out tomorrow , or maybe this evening 
which is least worse , status quo semi secular belligerent or fundamentalist with al quaida sympathies . leave well alone 
" my cook " ! love it ! you can take the girl out of west london , but you can't ... 
blimey , took enough diclofenac to feed an army when both my shoulders suffered rotatorcuff injury . am still alive tho !LINK! 
tonight's dinner ... sausage & lentil one-pot !LINK! 
excellent pancakes last night ! shop bought dutch ones , 30 secs blast in microwave and perfect . lemon and splenda , hmmm deelish ! 
autodownloaded sw via home wifi then it went install , android robot appeared and took 20 mins or so . no apparent change . strange ! ! ! 
majorly disappointed in our russell hobbs kettle . started leaking after 2 years . in the bin . 
so that's the #ashes won , next sort out the spaniards over #gibraltar and despite the rain , today could turn out ok ! 
amen to that ! 
this could help ... !LINK! 
wifey is in 1st 24 hrs with kindle ! not sure it's for her tbh , but she says she's persevering . 
checkout the moneysavingexpert's cheap energy club thing ... !LINK! 
a cool cool morning in sunny yateley ! - 4 
honestly it's stupid beyond belief . blamed the wife even tho she had nothing to do with it . so so bloody angry ! 
ok here we go ... lions to spank the brumbies ' arses 
in my first job with ferranti my customers were the argentine navy and the iranian navy ! that ended well ! ! #irn #arg 
#smugbastardalert - no one other than us in our road realised that bin collection postponed by 1 day today . rubbish strewn everywhere #gale 
really enjoyed new season #elementary tonight . definitely better than the bbc sherlock . lucy lui looks great in miniskirts ! 
coca cola can with poinsettia !LINK! 
bloody great builders lorry reversing its way down our road , now out of site going backwards ! 
. happy #ff bakatcha lee 
cmon zanussi bloody well ring will you and let me know when you're going to deliver our new washing machine ! #clothesabitwiffy 
ah , ok , wikipedia says her mother took her there in 1939 assuming that holland would be neutral & safe during the war . oops ! 
sun over fleet pond - a rare site indeed ! !LINK! 
on the plus side am guessing it was quick and painless . 
six foot five and yet again i gouge a chunk of skin out of my head . the world is getting smaller #tallguyproblems 
yeah , good idea . #6nations 
spose no one's ever going to say that this is all part of the economy re-balancing itself . obvs pay's been systemically too high 
proms on beeb 4 very good tonight . nice music to chillax to ! 
little brother lives in seattle , been plagued with emails and instant messages all night ! something todo with some hawks ! 
phew , woke up with a stonking headache to find us almost fogged in . headache & thick fog , linked ? 
yep , at last ! ! 
west green gardens in hartley wintney #flickr !LINK! 
hope your auntie gets well and you can enjoy your hols in devon ! welcome to twitter ! 
as it happens vistaprint appear to have some sort of sale on - 40 % off !LINK! 100 for £ 11.99 
crappy nights sleep , when isn't it ? too hot , temperature that is ! 
hell has finally frozen over ! 
hi dave , doesn't look very professional when you leave the name out after ' dear ' . raise your game 
are you not sure it's ? !LINK! ? for instagram ? 
thankyou , it should be said that the copse was the most swampy i can recall and with today's rain probably worse now ! 
kew gardens may 2013 !LINK! 
o2 phone signal terrible here in yateley today , only way to send texts was thru wifi using tu go . #bloodyrubbish 
great pictures helen 
nice one louise , where ? 
took loads of photos of tonight's yateley 10k . download them tomorrow , should be few gooduns in there . we'll see 
" crisp-eating surrender monkeys " oh how pathetic we have become . remember craven cowardice works . !LINK! 
bluebells in our local woods 
and so just for a change the sky has gone all dark and it's started to rain , and i've gotta go street walking ;) this afternoon . joy ! 
hello pcso petto , wish you could stop the scummy zenith double glazing rep cold calling in no cold calling zone . 
holy coke 1 - camera club project to take photos with bright red coke can in them !LINK! 
some arsehole in yateley is burning plastic for second weekend running . cmon you #lions 
kew gardens 2013 !LINK! day out for ann's birthday . really nice 
quite ( ! ) well controlled ! 
new year's day , come home to find a firework rocket impaled into our lawn ! 
polo at guards club - windsor 3 !LINK! 
put waze on your phone , it'll tell you where there is traffic on your route 
fyi ... !LINK! 
south hill park bracknell photowalk - sad owl !LINK! 
thanks for that , just wasted 20 mins of my life ! yeah , i'm a bit weird too ! 
genuine greek yogurt with macadamia nuts & dried cranberries & organic peanut butter on wholemeal hovis + large espresso 
busy morning so far , ann's car taken to garage now sitting in eye clinic with my dad . too much sun ! 
an apple and a pair , is that enough for lunch ? bloody blood sugars ! 
half woman half whippet ! ? 
yes of course we do ! doh ! 
hmmm ... !LINK! 
kew gardens may 2013 - 2 !LINK! 
brillo try ! 
chocky labrador , meet rolo !LINK! if carlsberg made dogs ! 
well done simon , gonna have to raise my game to compete ! 
presumably brings back memories for you ! 
wellington college new year's day 2015 iii !LINK! 
fleet station car park at night 1 !LINK! 
photowalk around savill garden in windsor great park / virginia water - jan 2015 !LINK! 
download slax linux and burn iso to cd or usb for a live linux with no install . brillo distro !LINK! check it out ! 
mission control houston , we have landed , mission control ? mission control ? trying mission control europe . #rosetta #cometlanding 
or cheating ireland out of the world cup ? 
ah , but the fun is how long can you string them along . i've had over 5 mins as i play dumb & slowly let out that i use linux 
so are you going to tell us why he thought australia should be called australia ? only 140 characters though ! happy new year ! 
wow , there was me thinking they're banning belly putters and you see charlotte with the lastest design . 
yateley 10k runner on cricket hill !LINK! 
occasionally i stick it in my bum , so to speak ! 
that scummy rep is still canvassing after i told him about no cold calling . 
" : i never tire of galliano closing looks !LINK! " celebrating the welsh win #6nations 
got a righter pisser of a headache . to bed to shut my eyes and sleep ... please gawd ! 
mixed white truffle oil into my couscous for tonight's dinner . abso delish ! recommended ! 
poppy fields of south reading #flickr !LINK! 
vote done 
entered several orton images in competition at yateley camera club and they've done well ! !LINK! 
it's not a qtr past seven , it's a qtr past six . oh you crazy europeans ! bst should be continent wide ! 
hi irm , not sure its a footie thing , generally speaking the world has too just many arseholes and too many of those are on twitter 
wasn't he anyway an italian aristo to start with ? 
the thing with the tories is that i don't think any of them have the first idea about politics ! 
new spring growth at wyndham's pool in yateley !LINK! 
what ! ? ! i haven't even thought about buying let alone wrapping ! christmas eve , petrol forecourt , never fails ! #stillmarried ! 
lose the sweetness and that sounds just about perfect . first espresso maybe ? 
there i was thinking ( hoping ) that the nsa or gchq had finally caught up with you , but hey ho you escaped yet again . #nexttime 
not really sure you should be doing that , if the lefties were doing it you'd be the first to holler 
worth following al ... 
photo “ express breakfast by simon smith #500px !LINK! ” 
so no #americascup tonight . be back again tomorrow tho . c'mon etnz 
hey bill n caff , prince simon has a good ring about it . think about it , you know it makes sense 
bloody french dontcha just hate them ! ! 
photo “ polo ponies with desaturated background by simon smith #500px !LINK! ” 
basingstoke canal at odiham 1 !LINK! 
going all prima donna tonight , going to sleep with a fan . goodnight ! 
#eurorvision2015 watching the dregs in our sky plus box ! which is worst eh ! 
gotta say that len is a miserable mean man going by tonight's outburst . patrick to me was way better but what do i know ? love olla tho #scd 
waitrose ? !LINK! 
yateley manor in retro b & amp ; w against the sun and thru the railings ! !LINK! 
aah , now there's a challenge , i'll write it down and send it in a while ! 
out and about in the backwaters of the hampshire boondocks we i explore fleet pond !LINK! 
messy who ? #worldcupfinal 
brillo , half reminds me of the piano fling in northern exposure ... !LINK! 
william hague ? 
abso love u2 mjb and one ... !LINK! 
wow that was one big clap of thunder over sunny yateley ! 
converted ! 
you'll love his irreverance . 
or is there a fake electronic flickering flame ? 
it's a bit like southern california in yateley this morning , but without the smog . get the bike out for errands . ( no parking probs ) 
is this still mike macnamara ? he made me some fantastic sails back in the day 
bizarre , + 3 but feels - 5 human hot water bottles rule ! 
eurostar ad calls on french tax exiles to move to britain via !LINK! 
" : c-bomb . happened before . saved y'all a click rt john inverdale just made the rudest gaffe ever to grace the bbc " 
good result for one nil away at middleborough . too early to claim to be promotion favourites ! ? 
london street scenes - in the old cinema - apparently !LINK! 
waterloo waterloo what is happening ? ffs why is br so monumentally crap ? 
just watched a crackingly good looking newspresenter on play your cards right sweetheart ! ! ! 
fine hulls faster in big winds 
are there actually specific semaphore flags ? table tennis bats will do . 
west green gardens on flickr ... !LINK! 
yateley 10k aug 2013 photo set !LINK! 
ok where have my traffic reports gone ? 
the sun is out , the days are getting longer , nearly summer and it's not even christmas ! 
obviously you're checking rightmove ? !LINK! 
shit i have ! 
and it doesn't need to be the mythical super fast broadband , just regular fast 100 % nationwide broadband would suffice 
injected tonight , bloody painful and got bubble on insulin under my skin , going down . #diabetes 
gawd , it's peacing down and i need to go to the bank which is so much easier to walk to . burger ! 
challengers from saturday ... !LINK! 
wonderful watching christine ohuruogu winning gold last night , but oh christine , your emotions almost brought our house to tears ! 
got some sense that sprog of yours . sportsman's double ? 
get away ! 
ed balls 
after listening to phil neville's mono tones on saturday this itv cocomentator sounds like some pub geezer know it all #eng 
the chairman of the bbc and his 2 assistants ? 
a photowall of images taken in the valley gardens windsor great park autumn 2012 !LINK! 
beef rendang is superb . enjoy your meal 
now if only you had made that is15gay it could be believable ! 
what about the training ground ? " all football activity " 
here in the uk your location qualification box doesn't accept my !LINK! email . any reason ? 
south hill park bracknell photowalk - very big tree !LINK! 
i wonder how many wolves fans had a kipper tie at half time ? 
i think it's been downgraded to brouhaha ! 
think you must be right as now sitting in the middle of a storm with perfect picture ! 
good seeing you last wednesday gerry , hope you enjoyed it . 
they look good . being flogged from the local shops ? will have buy a set when next i'm there 
going to try and buy some crocs baya slide sandals in uk size 12 next year , but where to buy ? !LINK! 
radio alarm turned off , not being caught out again ! 
polo ponies with desaturated background !LINK! 
sms spam blocker - postman - better work ! - android apps on google play !LINK! 
outstanding talk tonight at yateley camera club . really good . 
well there's swank for you then boyo ! ( girlo ? ) 
odd that in the afrikaans heartland they are conducting the trial in english . #oscarpistorius 
dream car . bentley . want . now !LINK! 
#manutd sir alex has recovered from his ailments , time for louis to go . must be fergie time again . 
you're bloody right there irm that was really really good ! xx 
close up polo battle !LINK! 
absolutely and without any doubt the !LINK! 
smart launcher review for android ! - simple , fast , & sleek ! : !LINK! via > > defo my fave android launcher < < 
yes i know how you feel , sunshine and warm weather can be such a bitch ! ;-) 
24 hrs after open heart surgery on tooth and the filling's still there . still scared to bite hard tho . #havefaith 
this obsession with ethics is one of the great curses of our time - !LINK! 
weird but clever ! 
#whatsthepoint ? what's the point in being average ? rise above it . 
really waitrose , this is poor , one and a half portions . not as good as you used to be . 
lunch today - a couple of rounds of fishfinger sandwiches . mayo on one side , tartar sauce the other . hmmm , delicious ! ! 
wifey brought clothes in off whirlygig because of retard burning plastic . my fault apparently ! 
his face is as red as his rosette . #tosser 
the eurostar train now arriving .. !LINK! 
yateley 10k road race 2 #flickr !LINK! 
' ere sorry nige the chinese have just bought the company ! !LINK! 
monaco classic week – i think i'd like to compete in this . good sponsorship opportunity ! #anytakers ? !LINK! 
yes of course . trying to find a picture of me at the moment ! 
wyndham's pool yateley - taken about 3 inches above water level with my trusty fuji e900 pocket camera !LINK! 
lord monteagle of yateley foiled guy fawkes and the gun powder plot - !LINK! 
34 % , that's amazing . well done brackers 
are you thinking about new players for next year sir john ? are you ? 
broadmoor - a brief walk around the hospital in crowthorne !LINK! 
credit & kudos debs ? ? 
boring tweet of the day ... new blade in razor , face smoother than a baby's bottom . can't beat a good shave you know ! #mylifesucks 
went past the nuclear bomb factory this pm and police cars flying around . about half a dozen god botherers holding some sort of protest ! ! 
yateley's one solitary red kite ? poor thing , often see him flying on his own . 
el español puede ir a chingar a su madre a través de #gibraltar 
urrr , what has the better name in the world of phones ? hmmm , now let me think ... something finnish maybe ? dumb move 
. rt : : you can view our graffiti ' most wanted ' poster below ! #hart #rushmoor 
obviously here ... !LINK! 
here's a pushed phone pic , similar but no cigar ... 
pinch punch bitches ! ( so cool , willy wiv it ) 
" : czech republic is not chechnya , diplomat points out !LINK! " doh ! 
at terminal 5 to pick up my dad , waiting waiting waiting . 
it's an honour thankyou ! don't want that getting ahead of me in published pics ! 
chilly - 7 in yateley hampshire this morning . brrr 
ooops ! danger of blocking , blocked phone calls from my mps office ! #nothingsperfect ! 
yateley clematis watch - one new flower opened , 3 plants , now 2 flowers ! call me monty don ! 
tonight's dinner , venison sausage tagine . hmmm in theory should be ace . we'll see #lookingforwardtoit 
ffs jezza you know it was us ! 
turn off a30 onto cricket hill , indicators still flickering left and then you go past vigo lane . accident waiting to happen :( 
got a new satnav , got me the 1.4 miles to waitrose without getting lost , tho it had to recalculate once ! got me home too . #technology 
sort of feeling that a screenshot of this email should be published here including arsehole's email addy . wot a tosser ! 
try ! eh boyo ! 
those were such great shirts back in those days , wish the modern ones were more like those 
trigger dead :( rip roger 
o2 may now have 4g in yateley , occasionally , but receiving calls is still crap . never used to be like this . living in a faraday cage ? 
day out down at poole , where eddie jordan was launching his new £ 32m sunseeker yacht , blush 
" : naked man with pot belly seen by women at yateley common . !LINK! " not me guv ! 
no it's not ! 
aye aye ! 
holy coke 2 camera club project to take photos with bright red coke can in them !LINK! 
sammy s4 phone tells me 1 app needs updating and now it looks like it's updating every bloody app on there . #willbeherealldaynow 
gotta go to london today to fetch the olds , really looking forward to driving in ice cold monsoon #not 
bought myself a harley davidsoon , really i don't have a small pen ... 
while londoners complain about a tube strike , the south west appears to have been washed away !LINK! 
ed balls ? 
thanks , do you recall what and where ? 
perhaps christian girls from nigeria should adopt the coptic practice of tattooing crosses on their inner forearms as babies . 
spectacular storm over yateley tonight . satellite sky tv crashed during #gbbo but freeserve backup saved us ! 
press the ' shopping tab ' at the top of the google image page 
jersey from 24000 feet taken with my phone ... 
london's skyline will soon look like this !LINK! 
road side ice [ 1 ] !LINK! 
i'm sorry but who do you think you are making announcements like this ? 
just checked out her website , wow , love it . esp the indian hindu wedding . brings back memories of rajasthan 
access dinghies at burghfield sc 1 !LINK! 
5000th tweet ! 
i now regret such a poorly written tweet . doh ! 
really ? i always thought she's belgium from brussels . stunning british actress that she was ! 
time to moor an old submarine with a nuclear reactor there for a few months ' work ' ! #gibraltar that'll please em ! 
cracking pic of some spanish lawyer bint called teresa bueyes on front page of today's dead wood is she famous ? i wonder ! 
fuck yeah , terrifying ! !LINK! 
coca cola can in the snow in b & w !LINK! 
can this be true ? lewis is back ? great news , ma'am ! 
rolo and barney sniffing the sand !LINK! - well , what's a dog to do then ? 
bake off ! ! ! 
yep , brilliant day , congrats to the organisers for arranging such perfect weather . yateley camera club ! 
recommend !LINK! for overseas money transfers . 
skype shyte today ! 
well i guess you know what the austrians can go do then ! ! gris to the mill for ukip 
calves of my legs have been itching for days now , driving me mental . have rubbed in the some moisturising cream and some now bio oil ! ugh ! 
thank god they know where the magic money tree is 
didn't realise that criminals automatically got released from klink halfway thru their sentences . #stealingjustice 
late in seeing this tweet , but oh yeh baby ! ! 
cold cold night , glad have a hot wife to keep me warm ! 
home made falafels last night , one clove of garlic added , this morning i can kill vampires at 50 yards . 
each to their own i suppose but i spy jehovah witnesses coming up the road . think i'll pretend to be out . tho the girl one is a cracker ! 
so with #fifa and arab money corruption how's that going play out for the clubs so heavily sponsored by them ? 
not the best night's sleep ever . awake 3ish never to return . ho hum , too hot for me . 
teeth cleaned ready for the dentist #selfieday what a fun trip that'll be ! 
blimey , the god bovverers are working our street , 2 teams of 2 . think i'll strip to me nicks when they ring the door bell . 
brr , warm in the sun , freezing in the shade . apparently it's gunna turn colder this week . bloody marvellous ... not 
foxy knoxy guilty ? i don't believe it . the italian judicial system is medieval at best . the yank's'll look after their own . amanda knox 
contempt of court ? !LINK! 
according to the oxford english dictionary a bit of sideboob is now totes amazeballs ! never thought i'd say that ! #toocool 
blue oyster cult and don't fear the reaper on show . fantastic ! ! 
good camera club talk tonight by philip quarry about frps and after . looking forward to it ! 
lesson learnt , everything now on the google cloud . 
defo best gp in years ! 2012 olympics & 2015 #britishgp - gb does it best ! ! ! 
ugh ! win 8 machine won't start , blackscreen and fan , nothing else . post malwarebytes scan . #linuxrules 
tylney hall #flickr #wire #twittertuesday !LINK! 
if you want a giraffe have a butchers at the !LINK! - silly cow 
there's obviously been a lot of rain at twickenham but none here 20 miles away . more interesting than the match ! 
are you no longer on sky news ? would be a shame 
33 degrees , that's like 91 in english , wow wish i was there , #summerlovin ! 
taking my dad to the eye clinic . great way to start weekend ! 
4.00 wake up . go check if the moon's still out . it is ! no glasses and shooting thru doubleglazing . yeah i know crap ! 
you'll go to hell now dontcha know . the witchfinder general monitors twitter ! wonderful man , but enough ( him not you ! ) 
blimey , it's right peacing down here in the hampshire boondocks . where's summer gone ? 
my long lost straw hat has finally been found . seriously beaten up though . soaked it in water and now drying in the sun #goodasnew 
the wilds of fleet pond , waiting for the gators ... !LINK! 
sun over fleet pond with vapour trails !LINK! possibly the last nice day of the autumn .. 
philip do you have an opinion on david bailey's letter regarding photographer's copyright & the errb ? !LINK! 
photo trip to yateley turned out to be disaster , epic end of the world storm hits . good waterproof bags worth every penny ! 
eu referendum bill backed by david cameron ' killed off after liberal democrats withhold support ' - telegraph !LINK! 
so do you think cameron be brave enough to ban scottish mps from voting on english / welsh taxes ? 
hi saira , have you ever tried quinoa & bulgar wheat mix as a breakfast cereal ? you should . add milk & stevia to it pre cooked . 
why do now what you can put off til later ? 
ok being pedantic , is that actually hit the surface or hit the atmosphere and then burnt up ? #justwundering 
and you couldn't predict that happening ? ! ? 
bwazeel ere weee come ! 
in metalogical hierarchy where does gold fit in with bronze and iron ? 
#scotland you don't want us , we don't want you , is wrong ! vote yes in referendum & be good neighbours ! 
south hill park photowalk 1 !LINK! 
is jurgen klopp available as a january transfer ? 
polo at the guards polo club !LINK! 
home counties for ! ! ! 
french employment laws-terrified to employ people so heavily invested in automation . hi unemployment hi productivity . good eh ! 
black assam tea with a splash of ribena in it ! delicious ... yes really ! blackcurrant tea . 
jws rang the door bell , stayed silent prayed ( ! ) the phone wouldn't go off . eventually they put a leaflet thru door . 
only 1 ofthe reasons andy . i was superfit and nationally ranked competitive sailor when it gotme . byetta & insulin keep me going 
is territorial integrity such a big deal ? maybe the russian half of ukraine should cede to mother russia . 
mr number app !LINK! love it ! 
broadmoor walk route . road shut so couldn't follow the whole route !LINK! 
sandbanks ferry unloading at dusk ... !LINK! 
windsor walkabout down by the boatyard !LINK! 
david moyes and martin whitmarsh both decent talented men who were at the wrong job at the wrong time . 
the meadows store in camberley . we diabetics rely on stuff like this ! manythanks 
wilbur's newest vicious circle available at pre order @ £ 10 !LINK! 
changing seasons - honeysuckle !LINK! 
ravaging bloody hungry again , just had some wholemeal toast with gentlemen's relish , hmmm deelish ! #diabetes 
fuck yeah ! ! ! 
motorola moto g review – the best budget smartphone is just £ 135 !LINK! think i've just seen my new phone for next year ! 
sculpture park 2 !LINK! 
yay , always thought that that charlotte had impeccable taste ! keep up the good work ! 
shouldn't you be standing on a couple of telephone directories dan ? it's what politicos do you know ! 
been on since 1996 & bt celnet & never has voice reception been so bad . bloody terrible in yateley ! do something grrr 
isn't ben geoghegan from the beeb pronounced geegan ? 
gotta piggin eadache :-( 
yateley - really really black water !LINK! 
in the paper - bottom right pics both pages ! !LINK! 
" : 60mph on the m3 ? i'll be fighting against that one . " too right nige crazy . 80mph would get you thru pollution zone quicker ! 
actually doesn't look difficult to make , will try it . thanks babe . #phewbloodymeltingtoday 
skype on smart phones works brilliantly for international / transatlantic calls provided you're both wifi linked 
there's some weird stalkery bird trying to take a photo of me . #fashionicon 
hi simon can you recommend a hifi repair man in or around yateley to fix a denon dab cd radio unit ? in-laws bludgeoned it ! ta 
last supper prepared and currently slow cooking in the oven ! beef rendang , hmmm ! that'll produce more wind than st jude ! 
ah but you'll be ready for this ... !LINK! some of the finest sailing on the planet ! 
christmas poinsettia still going strong !LINK! 
will we agree to license them the right to use english or will they ignore drm and use sconglish ? 
there is no reason my blood sugars should be this high this morning ! ! ! bloody #diabetes 
good read ! thanks ! 
fleet station car park at night 2 !LINK! 
when it's like this reminds me of africa ... !LINK! 
in my fantasy world i sorta hope you do too ! ! 
too right , tho how do you sleep ? ! 
spose is annoyed at who will be #libdem leader after they get wiped out from commons at next gen election #boosucks 
typical monday morning after a typical sunday , bloody blood sugars high ! still i feel ok and am about to make my first espresso . #diabetes 
kate are you sure only 80 motor vehicles ? my grandfather was a rollsroyce trained chauffeur before outbreak 
trawlers in padstow harbour !LINK! - not a rick stein is site ! 
blimey no i didn't ! great minds and all that ! in the grauniad eh ? i'll read then was my eyes ! 
that recently ? lucky you ! 
excellent quaffing plonk from #waitrose ! a great red . 
having watched the amazeballs match against derby this match is a bit dull ! 
maybe some sense of retaliation for the left's vitriolic attack on dave's dead dad's dodgy tax issues ? 
am i unique in that i wouldn't known what jennifer lawrence looked like wearing clothes let alone nothing . #outoftouch 
!LINK! major incident declared as around 80 dinghies at boating event hit by stormy weather in strangford lough 
good read ... bbc news - lions and donkeys : 10 big myths about world war one debunked !LINK! 
the big dove advert on the pitch looks remarkably like twitter's . who'll benefit most ! ? 
according to my bbc weather app we shouldn't be having this crap weather at the mo . gotta go out soon ... please clear up ! 
criminal filming at blackbushe airport in yateley !LINK! 
nice to see people parking in the bus lane ! 
where's malcolm tucker when you need him eh ! 
bought ' frosted ' shreddies by mistake . ugh ! #diabetes hell ! #tosser 
fireworks over yateley school . end of prom display . good show from a mile away ! 
oh absolutely , i'm in hampshire , doesn't do the american stuff , but enough . blocked calls when i was on hols in europe . 
gu46 
you should imagine lynton crosby would have dealt with all this ... 
3 counties ' photogs group horseshoe lake walkabout in yateley !LINK! 
self destroying a tub of guacamole with taco chips . hmmm 
great clap of thunder just then , anymore coming ? 
wtf ! les mis soundtrack doesn't include ' do you hear the people sing ' . what's the point of the cd if that's not included ? cretins 
#lorrainesflirtyfood fish and whips ? 
blimey please please don't cock this up ! 
cheating bastards oracle , let's make the time limit unrealistic for nz to win in their favoured conditions #americascup 3 times ! 
bit annoyed to learn the fleet food festival's been and gone ! who did their marketing ! ! 
guess there's going to be a huge upsurge in use of encryption by the criminal classes thanks to #prism & more difficult to get accurate info 
here it is , poached sausages , spicy onion and pepper and wholemeal couscous . enjoy ! ! 
broadmoor - squirrel outside the hospital in crowthorne !LINK! 
south hill park bracknell photowalk - red thing !LINK! 
listening to clegg on the bbc , really does prove that he is a complete idiot . 
18 years we've been with o2 / cellnet and never has voice reception been so bad in this part of yateley . #gettingworse 
checkout rotis sans serif !LINK! 
56 years ago today i hope it was warmer ! 
that duke clearly was a lot older than history books tell us ! ! 
twitter not behaving itself round here . hmmm 
that'll be in 2073 then ! ;-) 
call for miss logan ... 
" : diabetes warning on soft drinks !LINK! " hmm , guess what breathing air can also give you diabetes . 
english parliament now please . #scotlanddecides 
i'm about to lose control and i like it ! !LINK! 
how ? need to know ! ? 
cold , day old , aunt bessie's roast potatoes , liberally salted ... perfect snack food . love em ! 
camera club tonight , projected image competition , very average results ! good comments not great points . if anyone can canon can ! or not ! 
windsor walkabout - it's gulls v swans for the bread !LINK! 
my dr says the rule of thumb is minimum 1 strip for every daily injection . more so if you're a driver as you have to test first 
#readingfc win ! woohoo ! next year premiership ? err no thanks , championship much more fun ! #bigfishsmallpond 
apparently #worlddiabetesday today . morning glucose level 6.7 yay ! i'm sweet enough ! #diabetes 
i'm not , alez france ! ! 
limoncello ? 
shalom salaam ! 
would love to find out more about the ' pearl ' biscuit , ' slightly sweet ' , sounds perfect . nice hair btw ! 
year-old police tape making sandhurst look like a " murder scene " !LINK! fix it ffs 
you're right john , one penny and you're probably out of a job ! 
another reason to hate microsoft they've blocked skype 4.1 from working on linux . worked perfectly before . big probs upgrading . hatehatehate 
great pic of gp14s sailing in perfect conditions at ... !LINK! - !LINK! 
great album simon , glad to see the monsoon didn't destroy the atmosphere ! #yatestock #glastonley 
cricket finished , golf finished , still waiting for tour de france to finish so can start dinner . #mightgohungrytonight 
campaign for new yateley to fleet bus service - !LINK! 
hope they do yateley then , o2 is really bad at the moment 
but ain't that the point , essential immigration is necessary , unskilled unneeded immigration is of no benefit 
very desiderata ! great stuff ... !LINK! 
yateley's lone red kite circling overhead . #findafemale 
oh reham , then surely you'll never appreciate the irony of the definitely worth a follow ! 
i wouldn't climb over you to get to her , that's for sure ;-) 
damn that looks good ! eaten at the cinnamon club a couple of times . 
2nd day running blood sugars ' high . depressing . starvation day ! #diabetes 
steve clark ; new manager , good choice ! 
#diabetes friendly lunch , goat's cheese , tomatoes , cucumber , rye bread and tons of olive oil . deelish ! 
really enjoyed the bbc 2 pottery program . real skill involved . and sara cox is rather lovely too ! 
here comes the snow again in sub tropical yateley . won't last ! 
phew ! fixed the on / off button issue on my pc - case looked like it had slipped a bit . now firmly back in place ! vacuumed out too 
gardener cleared of assault charges after tackling thieves - hooray ! !LINK! 
wtf is the matter with my blood sugars ? lots of exercise yesterday and this morning it's sky high ! ! #diabetes sucks 
you clearly are the wench with the wrench ! when you're finished bring us a beer ! 
fine wine corrie , like a fine wine ! happy birthday 
bwazeel ere weee come ! 
indeed happy birthday , i couldn't believe she was still with us when i noticed her birthday in this morning's paper . only 89 ! 
thinking of coming for weekend break last weekend jan , is the pool open indoors and out ? & jacuzzi ? 
view from the underworld at swinley forest in bracknell !LINK! 
do you / we know whether 17th century coffee tasted anything like what it does nowadays ? hmmm time for coffee now anyway ! 
are you on o2 ? if so download tugo app . will allow you to make phone calls via wifi . other networks have similar . 
he's been boozing in the cricketers in hartley wintney in hampshire . they say he's buying a house in the area #probablynot 
blimey think i'd better call guinness i actually had a good night's sleep ! ! ! #feelgoodfriday 
socialist retard cretin wants to rob you rotten . say no to high taxes ! 
what about northern ireland ? 
having proven yourself to be a serial blubberer on who do you think you are , great to see you in fine form downunder . #lovedit ! x 
vyvyan basterd - " that's rick with a silent p " 
he hasn't apologised at all , some pr man has scripted this . total sham 
this one ? !LINK! 
will look really great when there's snow and ice around . photographically looking forward to that ! 
so sterbe ich ein held . für gott , den kaiser und deutschland . jetzt verpiss dich ihr bastarde . ( ! ! ! ) 
tylney hall photo walk !LINK! 
6.3 apparently it's been a good weekend ! 
they need to apply to be verified ... !LINK! 
jousting ? that's so plebeian , hardly middle class #fail ;-) 
oh dear cock up on the footie front ! forest 4 nil , zip , nowt . hey ho ! 
just off to bed with a double creme de menthe , or should i say nightnurse ! ache like buggery and totally getting no sympathy ! 
ugh , same here ! #manflu 
fleet pond society photographic competition , runner up ! 95 entries too ! #pleased !LINK! 
woke ludicrously early , too much rich food maybe , change of clocks , gale blowing outside , leaves everywhere but nothing structural #surviver 
thanks lou been up there this afternoon , pretty darned swampy thanks to the rain but fab bluebells . pics to come ! 
guess sir frederick banting is a hero . i'd be dead without him ! #whoisbanting . before fred #diabetes was a death sentence . insulin rules ! 
stuck in bracknell , mobile interweb as slow as i can remember please do something ! 
wow wonderful ! need some help on the photography ! ? 
sitting watching out the window 2 red kites flying beautifully but being hassled by blackbirds . fantastic viewing in yateley ! 
i would probably say so , jackdaws are also very clever , is it doing something complex ( ish ) ? 
indeed very weird ! bracknell had their big fire , but we have the sky on fire ! 
thought it was meant to be windows 9 , but according to the beeb it's windows 10 . what ? 
happy birthday for tomorrow louise ! ! 29 again ! 
glad you could get to yateley camera club last friday , good to see you and for choosing my picture ! !LINK! 
laffer curve laughter 
nice review , go on , blub ! 
can't you set it up to automatically forward all incoming emails to gmail ? 
coca cola can in the snow . camera club project to take photos with bright red coke can in them # 1 !LINK! 
manchester united must avoid tender trap with ryan giggs and appoint van gaal espn : !LINK! 
cmon rafa where's the english , enough of the foreign speak ! well played good match ! 
yateley 10kaug0006 !LINK! 
nah , that's not out of focus , that's the orton effect ! 
taken at windsor great park in spectacularly crap weather !LINK! 
6 months of food poisoning today ! campylobacter jejuni you bastard . 
it's time on #scd yay cmon susanna ! 
so it looks like the liberals and labour in the lords are going to stop me having my say on whether i think we should stay in eu #bastards 
ate tesco chicken tikka masala last night or should i say garlic tikka masala ? was delicious but omg my mouth is so horrible this morning ! 
yoko ono tweets provocative image of john lennon's bloodstained glasses - telegraph !LINK! 
sunshine , fat tuesday , ice on car . can't have everything then ! #pancakeday 
completely idiotic removals lorry blocking a30 at blackwater aldi causing big tailback during rush hour . cretins ! 
4 lots by 6.05 , sweets crisis getting severe , esp when last lot were 7 strong ! #happyhalloween 
surely original eec intent was that national immigration and emigration should be approx same , not all go to the rich countries 
fyi ... !LINK! 
nice chest ! ! ! ;-) 
just had first belly of pork of the autumn ... hmmm bloody delicious and not a single broken tooth from the crackling . #recomendation 
thanks for the warning , i've got some pigs that need slopping out , i'll do it this afternoon . 
sunday afternoon on the tv and didn't lose and now the it doesn't get better than this ! 
definite right to be forgotten claim coming up ... google are you ready ? 
getting warm ... !LINK! 
heating your home office for 8 pence a day - potheadforkandle - !LINK! - youtube !LINK! 
chronicles of narnia haters ? 
delicious as organic pasties ! 
pretty good i would have thought 
probably got but please send again - what size image , pixel wise ? 
oops , didn't read your hashtag , apollos 
good read . para 8 " but i can account " , surely " can't " ? #pedantalert #copywriter ! 
street photography at the fontenay market . quite scary actually ! !LINK! 
oh dear this is dire , midweek lions are not so hot . #maynotlastthematch 
thanks for that , think i'll blame those roadworks for the fog this morning too ! 
sorry pat but can't access files resident on your computer ! 
beautiful day in yateley . thought let's get some german rye bread for lunch . went to nearest aldi " no we don't sell that ! " #germanefficiency 
sailability sailors competing in the burghfield sailing club challenger open meeting 11 may 2013 !LINK! 
ah yes , the m3 heading north from southampton ! 
and it will get progressively darker and darker and daaarrrkkkeeerrr 
chilly out here in the hampshire boondocks ! #yateley 
having finished yateley 10k sheer bloody knackeredness yateley 10kaug6 - 0006 !LINK! 
when will idiot ed realise it's not years 3 - 5 that shape your future but 0 - 3 
updated phone to jellybean , took longer than thought . resetting everything now . #didntknowihadsomanyapps 
the left have always believed if the right owns the wealth , the left should own the power . 
just been speaking with in glasgow . nice bloke very helpful but omg barely able to understand his accent ! #notforsoutherners 
excellent program kate very interesting , do wonder whether they can afford the kitchen block restoration though . 
very good , tho would suggest your answers also include the questioner's name , but at the price of losing answer space . well done 
wow , you're doing kiel week ! take warm clothes ! waddaya wanna know about the olympic classes ? ! 
blood sugar 4.5 this morning . wholewheat couscous is wonderful ! #diabetes 
up yours delores ! back in the lead . :-) 
presumably our spies are spying on all our friends , us , france , germany etc . be disappointed if they weren't . 
it's true , i read the and am saddened by the visceral hatred of all things middleclass esp in cif 
punch the producer 
back from dentists , big filling in eyetooth . superb dentist , susan westhead in hartley wintney , no pain , tho face is a bit numb ! quaintways 
why is the a327 minley road so awful at the mo when coming off the m3 at j4a . tis awful #yateley #hampshire 
someone needs to build an expat news website in california for brits in california with 1st amdt protection 
modest self promotion . not ! checkout page 43 of june edition the yateley magazine !LINK! 
only handjob sms , skype , whatsapp and most importantly soccer scores to go . nearly there ! 
bollocks bollocks bollocks :( 
can honestly say that for the first time in a long time i actually had a decent night's sleep ! #7hoursatleast 
all lower case , missed out the word ' to ' . no , please , compliment intended ! just been looking at vistaprint to do some ! ! 
but was the bottle from the last century ? 
phew the yateley camera club's 2015 exhibition finished ! knackered ! 
well you never know tomorrow it might be the paltrows 
. oh my god , we're all gonna die ! 
will have to persuade my in laws to stop buying spanish sherry #gibraltar south african maybe ? 
ok i sorta remember from the past the trudge like speed of your pc and suggested maybe you ought try linux on it . waddayafink ? 
oh i didn't read " the million pound " just " drop sara alexander " . how rude i thought ! you'll be fine ( well sort of ! ) 
simon's breakfast greek yogurt with nuts and seeds and blackcurrant tea . diabetic christmas blood sugars gone mental ! hny 
weak under fire !LINK! 
would it be indelicate to say i wish you would too ! ;-) #hereshoping 
yep bloody fab ! 
need photo of yateley for mayor's cup , will be skulking around town this lunchtime with camera & tripod trying to snap the pic of a lifetime 
have to say that colleen rooney is really nice ! 
wake up late to a winter wonderland ! it's march 23 ffs ! #yateley 
bloody blood sugars going mental again ! grrr #diabetes 
having yesterday managed to cock up my ubuntu printing ability after several hours this morning it works again ! yay ! #linuxrules ! 
french try - bollocks ! :-) 
annual 5 hour watching of the peerless pride & prejudice now completed . just bloody brilliant ! thankyou 
about bloody time ! thanks to all those involved with this ! guessing my 3 year license wont automatically become a 10 year one . 
photo “ challenger trimaran at burghfield sc by simon smith . planing upwind in 22 knots of wind #500px !LINK! ” 
great time watching queen's cup polo up at windsor great park ... !LINK! 
really disappointing to see rachel go in #scd those numpties who can't dance should do honorable thing and retire from the comp with grace 
every little helps tesco , quite literally ! ! 
photo “ 50 shades of glass by simon smith #500px !LINK! ” 
bbc news - salty liquorice : the not-so-sweet sweet !LINK! - oh wow , i love this stuff , a little bit goes a long way . #hmmm 
got poxy spam message on phone , now installed mr . number , hope that'll sort out them bastards . 
through the keyhole !LINK! 
octavia for carrying hay bales , prius for carrying kittens . alternatively ' s dacia duster 
first ever flower from my ' only just made it ' clematis ! never thought i'd see it . green fingered maestro ! 
need to buy some slide sandals similar to birkenstock but size 12 feet are proving a big problem . any ideas anyone ? #veryannoying 
had a great photowalk around your gardens , even if the weather wasn't the best ... !LINK! 
a tea towel caught fire when it was left on an electric cooker in fordlands crescent , fulford , yesterday !LINK! 
are there banks on the british bases there that they can take cash to ? or are there customs posts there too ? 
hba 1c = 50 woohoo suck on that sweety ! 6.7 in old units . chl = 3.0 no fat in me ! #diabetes 
sphinxes in luxor !LINK! 
betting that #topgear tonight is pissing off the misarablist socialists ! ! ! good i hope so ! 
wow they're good , what settings did you use ? 
if it were me i think i would go down m3 past basingstoke , turn on to the a303 and hope for the best . today should be fine ! 
the red statue thing at the olympic park !LINK! 
it'll be preparation for when qatar get the next world cup , don't want men & women watching together 
exploding clouds / summer storm ... !LINK! 
jaguar 2014 big game commercial | british villains ' rendezvous ' | jaguar ... : !LINK! via 
infp , the “ dreamer introversion : 60 % intutitive : 75 % feeling : 50 % perceiving : 70 % ” 
new season flowers !LINK! on my knees in very damp conditions photographing fresh crocuses and snowdrops 
yateley - bench by the pond !LINK! 
road side ice [ 3 ] !LINK! 
back from 2 weeks wonderful holiday in france . god how depressing ! 
london street scenes - fabulous lamborghini [ i want ] !LINK! 
i've installed bbm on my droid . my life hasn't changed . a very uncool geek :-( 
hrt tablets ? 
hope that's in gibraltar ! 
that'd be good , but there are the british slightly salty or the super salty dutch type . very adult taste . 
pmsl ... ! 
jean-claude juncker “ time has come to deepen european integration !LINK! great , fantastic , joy ! ” 
there's also a tree down at the north end of fleet high st . 
go on dave , i know you want to ... 
can't help but think that if ferrari can develop their own engine why can't mclaren ? 
work harder pay more tax for the eu , yep that motivates me ! 
blood sugars this week getting better and better ... 5.3 this morning ! time for a mars bar to celebrate ! #not ! #diabetes 
looks rather yummy , gotta be better than the sausage and lentil thing we had tonight . beddy byes hungry ! 
oh cmon can no longer ' share ' images with stupid new redesign . who's in charge there ? anyone ? 
tiger lilly ( apparently ) in the back garden . taken with camera phone . 
balloon over yateley , coming in to land . 
well that was amazing 3 spitfires and 3 hurricanes just flew over yateley ! no pics but wow the sound of those engines ! #battleofbritain 
vine seems a pretty groovy video app , shame it doesn't work on android . searching for alternative 
mouth still feeling a bit sess pitty after last night's couscous culinary fiasco . need to scrape my tongue . say no to excess garlic ! ughhh ! 
fyi ... !LINK! 
yateley 10k runners on cricket hill !LINK! 
the worst barcelona team for years beats etihad's marketing team ! #mcfc #fcb . money doesn't always buy success ! 
anton zingarevich !LINK! 
decisions decisions , my 2 tastiest twitter follows and are competing . good luck ladies #strictly 
going by what i've read , back button focusing should be the default setting . as you say , we'll see ! 
you had better be good kate ( no pressure there then ) , i am having to endure listening to clegg . omg he's so awful ! 
is that really true kate ? surely you would need more heat to melt solid heavy metal than a wood fire can produce . 
the red statue thing at the olympic park # 2 !LINK! 
wellington college new year's day 2015 v !LINK! 
just think anton zingarevich what brian mcdermott could have achieved if you had bought some premiership players 
wonderful home made falafel coming home to roost , maybe a bit too much garlic ? teeth dissolving . 
4 inches of new clematis , grow baby grow ! 
bit of a bummer - we vote in the much loved euro elections and they won't let us know our result til sunday night . endearing ! 
epic #littlecup #littleamericascup c class racing from falmouth !LINK! - the same but smaller and nimbler 
the american team in the ryder cup are clearly trying to feature in !LINK! 
i am truly going to have to live long and die old before i get this tp-link repeater to work ! fml ! 
!LINK! now this is important . perfect g & t 
egyptian copts tattoo crosses onto inside forearms to protect daughters being kidnapped & married #worthconsidering 
is spain the bongo bongo land godfrey bloom refers to ? all that money all those thanks ! #gibraltar 
merkel can speak english ! well done angie ! hollande , time to go to evening classes ! 
jackdaws have grey hoods 
blood sugar outstandingly good this morning ! 5.1 #diabetes 
woohoo robert answered one of my questions ! ! 
oh dear , turned the oven on , clear forgot to put dinner in , that's about 40 mins of life wasted . better be good when it's finally done . 
sailability sailors competing in the burghfield sailing club challenger open meeting 11 may 2013 # 2 !LINK! 
yep , glad are back in the championship , so so much more fun . bpl really aint all it's cracked up to be ! 
why aren't you using adblock ? hate adverts , love adblock ! 
auster is latin for southern wind . 
the watch house lying down !LINK! 
eventually a manager came thru the queue taking our cheques for simple pay ins . full of apolos . shouldn't have been needed 
twitter had been getting better . now i know why ! anyhow , welcome back . 
is this nige ? 
good ! 
sorry nige i think you're wrong on this one , this is just an example of how evil the libdems are . 
am out of touch with current vernacular , please tell : what is a sd ? thanks 
gotta go and shave off 5 days of holiday bristle , i may be some time ! 
also funny why they don't mention llívia inside france 
exploding sky !LINK! 
well you can't get to their page , so yes in a manner of style ! 
had chicken tikka masala last night , this morning mouth is garlic hell and not fading . happy valentines day ! 
deception , misinformation , bread and butter of espionage surely . he's probably still in honkers 
it's #pancake day #yateley and today for the first time ever i'm going to explore the aldi shop to buy a #valentine card . #smooth 
nil illigitimus carborundum saira 
bloody ed miliband will stoop to anything , now they're claiming even kate middleton's in labour . #royalbaby 
upgraded my and no longer able to view traffic reports . not in the menus . bloody annoying ! i must be missing something . i dunno ! #waze 
thanks babe , now am confident to live to at least your age ! ;-) ( 57 was a good year ! ) 
!LINK! 
poshness personified - swanage beach and bay . blooody cold ! !LINK! 
happy midsummer's day peeps , now off to the dentist ! 
pre-application for 150 dwellings and infrastructure | land between moulsham lane and broome close yateley hampshire !LINK! 
did any of your parents ever hate britain ? 
t2 on insulin , jab every year , got swine flu a few years ago about 1 week after standard jab . bloody crappy and bloody ironic ! 
nice to see proper hoops , they go round the back ? ? totally correct regarding logo . pre-production prototype ? 
morons have sprayed a swastika on the fence down pathway opposite farm close . see map !LINK! 
!LINK! + !LINK! - park in savill garden car park , walk round by obelisk 
this pretty much what olympic athletes have ... !LINK! 90 % beetroot 10 % apple 
try mint , pure ubuntu but improved . 
morning backatcha ! mine's black with a small splash of ribena ! yes really , try it ! 
christmas day in august then ? joyeux noël 
after 2 weeks hols and eating a bready french diet am pleased to say blood sugars are now back to normal #howdotheydoit ? 
just noticed my gmail inbox has just passed 40,000 messages . wonder what's in them ? ! ? 
the sun came up this morning and then apparently it'll get dark tonight . mystery to me too ! 
yep ! 
as it's nearly winter i have turned on the central heating . wifey better not quibble or she'll spend the night in the garage ! #onlykidding 
i still recall they had snow in may 1976 and that summer was pretty good . #hereshoping 
well that was the hardest frost so far this winter , tho bizarrely it actually didn't feel that cold . 
hope the americans are embarrassed by that win #americascup 
not wishing to be seen to be moaning but ... it is so bloody cold today ! less than a month til midsummer ! might have to turn the fire on :( 
massive danger of spam block on your phone , when your mp's office rings it rejects it ! #bloodytechnology ! #friendsinhighplaces ! #rollseyes ! 
david moyes for #arsenal then ? 
new season flowers !LINK! on my knees in very damp conditions photographing fresh crocuses and snowdrops st peters yateley 
outstanding day at race officering the sailability access dinghy open meeting . weather , wind and sun perfect . bit sun burnt ! 
hi debs , nothing great , fleet station in a sleet storm ... 
1st double espresso never before 10am , 7am black tea with splash of ribena ! 
!LINK! 
gone down with norovirus or something similar . i am death warmed up . #unclean #stayaway 
britons ' too ignorant ' for eu referendum says viviane reding , vp of european commission | daily mail ! ! !LINK! 
was on jellybean originally , then went to kitkat months ago . surprised that this isn't lollipop . up to date sw as of yesterday . heyho ! 
south hill park bracknell photowalk fountain 4 !LINK! 
today's blood sugar reading 11.0 ! 
morning blood sugars for the past few months ! rock n roll ! #diabetes 
back from sailing club having secured boat against pending storm of death . 
ah , spend spend spend borrow borrow borrow tax tax tax . revision to type as ever ! 
tiz bizarre ! 
ok got my interest , the only sweets i like are those really really salty liquorice . sell em ? 
blimey , the sun pouring thru my window is positively baking ! #summersnearlyhere ! 
excellent face to face meeting with mp this morning . thanks phil will be back in touch shortly . 
oh nice , it's hailing in yateley . joy 
can't upload to flickr at the mo , what's going on yahoo ? new yahoo email less than impressive too . 
jesus , life can be bloody hard when you're a diabetic with a sweet tooth :( grrr #diabetes feet hurt like buggery too . bad night sleep ! 
clematis rises from the dead !LINK! 
castle bottom nature reserve in yateley 2 !LINK! 
hi phil , health ombudsman has rejected our appeal cos we didn't exhaust appeals procedure . further delays , pain worse :( 
if you wore them sun bathing you might end up with an arse that looked like a zebra . #justsaying 
#scd so the trained dancer gets 39 never as good as 
why is the difference between the top the championship and the bottom of premiership so big ? 
the dolphins at lepe !LINK! 
thunder and lightning , very very frightening . the end of the world is nigh ! #yateley 
" the uk remains strongly opposed to the death penalty in all circumstances . " no we don't esp for drug trafficers . take aim ... 
about an hour ago it was sunshine and blue skies , now it looks like the end of the world is nigh ! 
broadmoor - emergency back up power station ? not running at the time . !LINK! 
taken at windsor great park in spectacularly crap weather # 2 !LINK! 
. ouch indeed ! 
epic #littlecup #littleamericascup c class racing from falmouth !LINK! 
oh yes , rael the imperial aerosol kid ! 
fundamental law of the european union !LINK! oh yes ! ! ! 
sorry irm , i think you'll find that 5am is actually really 4am . doh , european clocks always an hour fast ! time for lunch anyway ! 
fish n chips 
far be it for me to point out an error andy ... but spello on the flickr version too ! definitely a camera day today 
path around fleet pond , gloriously empty !LINK! 
with age comes wisdom 
surely flag of st george cufflinks ? 
here's a few i took on cricket hill ... !LINK! 
banning guinness from twickenham showed even less 
so if wayne rooney is leaving man utd then david moyes is taking sir alex ferguson's famous advice he gave to sir david brailsford 
lovely day in the making here in sub tropical yateley , sunny but with a bit of a cool breeze at the mo . 
saira , do you use a superfine sieve to wash your quinoa ? the mesh on mine is too big and i lose a whole lot thru it . 
after huntley & palmers shut their factory 80s ? 
exhibition blurb just sent to your email ! ! 
18 yrs old ? there's at least another 10 in that , esp if it's only a clutch release cable . #longliveoldcars 
did factory reset on my hudl and it now is working like new and connects to my router ! 
sorry nygella , sprouts are not even for christmas . #devilstesticles 
back from walking around - the best laid plans and all that - impassable new yellow mud paths ! 
fabulous trip to the sculpture park just south of farnham !LINK! definite recommend ! 
marvelous , pissing down just as i was preparing to go vote ! #yateley 
give me a few mins and i'll find stuff . got an email ? 
genuine #middleclassproblem just run out of truffle oil to put on my lunch time pasta . 
healthy dinner tonight , chicken curry , dhal , & quinoa . deelish 
ok . few mins to go . tensions #lions 
yateley - gorgeous horse !LINK! 
. hmmm , well i was wrong . flickr's got something right then ! 
twice saw singlet wearing young women around yateley with their phones stashed in their bras #luckyphones ! 
is wales actually a country ? #6nations shame :-) 
poopy fields of south reading - #flickr !LINK! 
#hull blimey ! 
at long bloody last have finally been discharged by the complicated diabetes clinic ! #diabetes 
bloody well done ! and it's a good picture too ! 
just as all the star talent have moved on ! incredible if it happens . time to call bendy ainslie 
call for some prisoners to get vote !LINK! pathetic cowardice ! eh 
a few photos from yesterday's access open ... !LINK! 
poutine is a quebec dish , made with french fries , topped with brown gravy and curd cheese . 
so tonight for what seems like the 50th time i'm going to try cooking quinoa without it looking like watery puke #middleclassproblems 
very good ! 
looking out the window here in sub tropical yateley and the sky is lovely and blue ! floods ? what floods ? 
too young to remember but as i understand it they got 30 yrs for theft when murderers would get 15 . political sentencing . 
access dinghies at burghfield sc 2 !LINK! 
faaarque #lions 
saw the flash , took 7 secs for the thunder to arrive and wow loud ! 
off to have my retinas photographed this lunchtime . i'll be blind for the rest of the day then ! joy ! 
have you noticed how light it is at the moment ... 5.00 pm ! and no hint of rain ! 
well that was fun ! tiny chip off tooth turns into major major filling ! 
thanks irm , been a long slow trek , but getting there , but oh how i miss potatoes pasta rice white bread . + gallons of insulin 
it's back , completely rebranded ! ! ! can i take the responsibility ? ! ? woo hoo ! 
rendang 
at least it helped you time boiling an egg ! 
oops sadly that was a goal . bugger 
yateley camera club 2013 exhibition went brilliantly ! thanks to everyone who came along !LINK! 
well done , very very good ! hate to say it tho , the volume's a bit low . sorry ! ! ! 
urr , you've hit the ' insert ' button , turning it off ? 
dull day wander around fleet pond 16 nov 2014 !LINK! 
clouds over blackbushe airport !LINK! good clouds , but poor hdr rendition 
this'll do me ... never see a better view of new york city than from a boat in its harbor !LINK! via 
photo walk to and around fleet pond this morning ... !LINK! 
new webcam has arrived . much improved on old one . will need to wash and shave before i use it . #middleclassproblems 
forget about the mrs , get yourself an aeropress gizmo for £ 25 - perfect coffee always ! !LINK! 
is jonathan livingston amongst those ? 
doesn't look a million miles different to what it was like in 1970 . 
google maps has changed . it is really really crap now . bloody huge boxes all over the screen . when i want a map i just want the effing map 
why ? who's saying that ? 
changing seasons - hebe !LINK! 
john inverdale to replace ? makes sense ! 
i didn't break twitter honest ! can't reply now tho #wasntme 
i have had campylobacter jejuni , a serious case of food poisoning and a notifiable infection . it truly felt at times this was it . #gotthruit 
windsor walkabout - bit of street photography !LINK! 
am guessing that argentina are enjoying the publicity their thugs brought upon their country on world's top viewed tv show #topgear 
official bbc weather forecast for yateley and the rest of southern england ... 
as a reader i'm not sure this fills me with glee ! 
tea bags come in 2s . tear them apart but tear one in half , blimey there's a lot of tea in one bag ! nearly covers kitchen floor #grrr 
do unto others as they do unto you , turning the other cheek sometimes has its limits 
sorry phil , 20 yrs t2 dm , not o / weight accomplished sportsman on insulin . not all dm2s get it thru lifestyle . #stereotypes 
you're very lucky then , my hygienist inflicts more pain on me than my dentist ! #brutal 
" : john inverdale just made the rudest gaffe ever to grace the bbc !LINK! !LINK! " 
chilly in the yateley boondocks this bright am - 5 
. 1/13 th second shot of snow falling . no snow drifts yet ! 
eton college homework left in the railings outside the geography department !LINK! 
merry christmas .. 
very nice , but you have clearly airbrushed the yobs and brats that hang around there out ! 
thankyou daily telegraph for making it nearly impossible to read this morning with stupid hsbc cover . time for the times ? 
can the west afford the western lifestyle ? do the chinese have social medicine like us or is pay as you go / die ? 
mine is set to automatically route withheld no's to voice mail but notifies me . genuin callers leave messages , spammers dont 
bacon sandwich and treadmill . why not , looks to have a small ledge where you can put the hp sauce ! 
enough twaddle re #suarez , liverpool are wrong , " no one's bigger than the club " sometimes it's " the club's not big enough for the player " 
never mind the quality feel the width ! gimme ! 
been and had flu jab at 8.30 now sitting in frimley park with dad at eye clinic ! 
add !LINK! as ad block filter 
what a wonderful day to be alive in glorious yateley ! 
fabulous exhibition for yateley camera club - clip from yateley news & mail ( go buy the paper ! ) !LINK! 
omfg what a try ! yay #lions 
pics or it never happened ! ( 6ft bird starkers , what's not to like ? ) 
them dutch , they're not as nice as you think ! troublemakers the lot of them ! 
louis van gaal maybe a brilliant manager not sure he's a brilliant coach #mufc tactics really not good enough ! fergie for consultant ! ! 
can't they apply some sort of photoshop highlights and shadows filter to this high contrast tv picture ? #eng 
polo at guards club - windsor 2 !LINK! 
wow there were a hell of a load of app updates on the droid this morning . 
ah , brings back bad memories of emergency contraception eh ? 
hi irm if you're interested in sailing and can get to medemblik there's a major major event going on there !LINK! 
bobble hat princess 
your pictures : stunning autumnal hampshire snaps !LINK! via 
loving that the lefties hated maggie so much ! now stfu and go lay on your sofa ! 
ah the lovely smell of napalm in the morning ! 
bloody windows 8 pc buggered completely motherboard burned out thru overheating . data recovered . thanks bob . microsoft / dell : axis of evil ! 
chewing gum ? 
terrific talk by geof lee last night at yateley camera club . air to air fast jet photography . i want his life ! !LINK! 
do they really always have to tell us that flash photography is about to be shown on the bbc news ? i mean " always " ? #bugsme 
isn't he norn iron ? 
according to my excellent ancel adams wall calendar today is ash wednesday . what's that all about then ? 
thoroughly enjoyed the england new zealand rugger . fabulous game . nearly but not quite . well done the all blacks ! ! 
dissy pleen dissy pleen #6nations 
i am sorry marcus i am now of the opinion that most conservative mps have no understanding of politics 
suppose it's a bit optimistic to claim neil trotter is my long lost father ? 
infp 60 - 75 - 50 - 70 
so says the american of turkish descent ! ! love ya bojo ! 
looks like that's a genuine sellafield shade of green too ! 
thames pathway photowalk walton on thames to sunbury lock #flickr !LINK! 
spelling / punctuation correct - standards my dear girl , standards . i was going to say who produced yours ? was it vistaprint ? 
wow really enjoyed who do you think you are tonight with really nice person with great personal history . and a fine blubberer ! 
bluebells in yateley !LINK! 
a bit late but official #fifa #worldcup song released on youtube !LINK! 
i wonder if the #americascup have changed the light wind time limit . 40 mins too short . danger of another abandonment tonight ? 
steve clarke gets the tin tack ! !LINK! 
omg i am so incredibly hungry today , if it was edible i've now eaten it and still i yearn for more . as homer would say ... mmm chocolate ! 
absolute classic , guaranteed to bring a smile to your face ! david bowie - the laughing gnome - youtube !LINK! 
an acorn blew off our oak tree and hit my car . outrage at lack of urgency from insurance company . #notasgoodas87 
not liking at all new twitter which choses to display 1/3 rd of pics by default . who does their market research ? 
access dinghies at burghfield sc 4 !LINK! 
so they print any old photo in the courier then ! ! ! well done ! ! 
my phone keeps making a squeaking noise . wazzup samsung ? 
horseshoe lake hampshire #flickr #wire #twittertuesday !LINK! 
can't log in to my skype . grrr , bloody microsoft ! 
so sown up my buggered karrimor sandals for the time being . searching online for replacements . doh ! forgot size bloody 12 . nothing available 
. genuine snow at fleet station caught using flash ! . 
beware the yateley psycho killer #scarystoryin5words 
aren't you meant to imagine them all naked ? 
blood sugar 11.9 this morning , could i get any sweeter ? #diabetes sucks 
just goes to show the german's have no history in the america's cup ! 
is this the gp14 world championships ? if so then these sailors are some of the best in the world . 
it's between 9:30 & 11:30 somewhere on the planet all the time . 
be careful then , how do you know it's actually lost its power ? could be waiting for a new victim . death by itv ! 
maybe the fire collapsed the structures supporting the bells ? the bells have not melted . tho obv they are silent . 
broadmoor - strange " war of the worlds " types of cranes at the hospital in crowthorne !LINK! 
reheated beef rendang from last week tonight's dinner . hmmm , my tongue is tingling , what it'll taste like in the morning i hate to think ! 
fifty shades of glass . yateley camera club competition entry !LINK! 
oh dear google maps street view just ain't working on my firefox 29 . used to be sooo good . #disappointed 
#lorrainesflirtyfood macaroni sleaze 
yateley camera club at xmas market . fab time studio photographing everything from local mp to dogs 
zinidine zidan ? or however you spell it 
now that is impressive even by my high standards ! congratulations ! 
looks good , tho name and number could be printed a bit higher 
he's bloody welsh don't you know #6nations sobs 
wow it's got seriously dark all of a sudden ! and bloody cold ! winter is coming ! brrr ! 
watching the proms flicking over to strictly and cooking a curry at the same time . #realman 
brilliant talk by david boag last night at yateley camera club . now then dave , pause and take a deep breath ! 
also the best way to get around grey old gravel pits ! 
moyes ! ! 
indeed now there's a good question ! prefer not to say ? 
breaking news : bo derek , wearing nothing but a heuer !LINK! dunno , definitely can't see a watch ! 
follow the qatar fifa tactics and you can win anything . suppose i'd better pony up the £ 10k i owe ! 
bloody sky plus box just came up doing double recording , dr who & qi xl . had to swap to freeview to continue watching baldrick on ch4 
so this means a republic is even further away . oh well heyho 
bloody give away certain 3 points against milwall . 45 years of following and it doesn't get any easier ! #biscuitmen ! 
the goodwood revival 2014 !LINK! via 
sky news in hd still not working . what's going on 
complete disaster . finally run out of last tube original coolmint toothpaste . can't buy anymore :-( 
wifey trapped on the a331 near the meadows . all roads appear to be gridlocked . a30 accident queues ? nightmare on yateley street ! 
so this is it , the last bank holiday before christmas ! you would think they could make it half decent ! 
decided that for my wholemeal couscous hunt instead of driving to waitrose i'll walk down to the co-op . don't sell ! #middleclassproblems 
hooligans make bus journeys a misery - telegraph . you really are a fool to use public transport . !LINK! 
a slap and kick you retarded prick ! 
my amazing new crocs . perfect for around the house and so so comfortable . and size 12 too ! foot #selfie 
hey ho , suicide is painless according to mash . shoulda gone to specsavers ... !LINK! 
likely to be the highlight of my day ! if harley wintney's got a play log can yateley have one too ... please ! 
we have them in hampshire too ... !LINK! beware ! 
never seen so many dogs wearing dog coats as i have this morning ! now seen a lovely healthy looking labrador wearing one . it didn't need it ! 
short men live longer - and it's all because of their genes : those below 5ft 2in have longest lives ! thanks ... i am 6 ft 5 ! #nearlydead 
have you tried covering alpen ( etc ) in bowl with milk and leaving overnight in microwave and zapping in the morning ? 
on their lips ? 
why aren't they using angry wild bee swarming sounds to repel the elephants ? !LINK! 
. it's snowing in yateley too ! ! ! 
kitchen timer on android !LINK! use all the time , faultless ! #lighterbaking 
chilli chocolate digestive , ooh yes please ! 
road side ice [ 2 ] !LINK! 
every few years i am determined to like corned beef . tried it again today . despite tons of mustard it still tastes like dog food . hmmm 
windsor walkabout - queen's personal supply of mistletoe ! !LINK! 
yeah but maybe it should . deadwood 
lions ... oops 
shoulda been watching the rugby hotlips , england whopped the sassanachs . swing low sweet chariot ! 
black & white crocus in yateley !LINK! 
polo at the guards polo club !LINK! 
remember the tafia are everywhere ! 
rained overnight , temperature's dropped , good night's sleep . hoo bloody ray ! 
kew gardens may 2013 - 8 !LINK! 
what happened in yateley last night ? st peter's church gate crashed into and discoveries shop damaged . police tape around shop . 
yateley camera club street project ... !LINK! so far so good ! 
good luck ! i'm about to leave for the dentist ! 
big disappointment , my year old sandals have broken . so comfortable , so bloody annoying ! needle & threading as i type karrimor :-( 
wellington college new year's day 2015 ii !LINK! 
ok simon , based on your recomendation i'm going to follow him too , but i'll have protecting me ! 
rush trailer ( 2013 ) blackbushe in all it's glory - yateley - !LINK! 
one of these i think ... !LINK! 
blackbushe helicopter !LINK! early evening with dramatic clouds 
loads of rangefinders in evidence , weapon du jour ? 
pinch punch suckers :-) 
hmmm coffee ! love my aeropress !LINK! 
my nephew's cat caught having a drink ... 
yateley amazing sunset 18 aug 15 [ 1 ] 
ok second time ... !LINK! 
when is on sky it's always dire ! heyho 
well if was good enough for asherah then yahweh was pretty enlightened . now silence woman ;-) 
anticipated lunchtime highlight is going into waitrose to buy some wholemeal couscous . #livingthedream 
bet your mum is ashamed of you ! tut ! 
good principle that , hopefully milliband will go along with this ! #nochance ! 
phew bloody nightmare for etnz in #americascup nearly capsized when leading . #heartinmouth ! 
daily mail stupid to pick on ralph miliband but didn't all marxist commies back then hate what britain stood for - empire and war mongering ? 
!LINK! " marshall guitar and bass amplifiers ! " rawalpindi 
smoked mackeral on soy & linseed bread !LINK! lunch , and very delicious it was too ! sprinkled with maldon salt . phone shot 
woken up in glorious highgate , bit hungover ! happy new year ! ! 
can you do this when you just want to peel a couple of cloves ? will have to try . fascinating ! 
worth reading : rt : : in today's observer , i've written about the unforgettable john diamond . !LINK! 
so which joker decided to do another rush hour census on the a331 near aldershot this morning ? idiot idiot idiot 
not entirely sure , but'll take it . 
only 20 yards to go yateley 10kaug6 - 0004 !LINK! 
rolo the wonder dog !LINK! - if carlsberg made dogs ... 
dinner tonight sea bass , samphire and spicy beans , healthy and delicious ! 
life imitates ark !LINK! 
windsor walkabout - lock gates !LINK! 
the weather in the hampshire boondocks of yateley just continues to impress ! 
done factory reset on my android phone dumped all the old apps , hopefully will now run faster . 
electroplated nickel silver spoons and forks [ 2 ] #flickr !LINK! 
what can i say ? nice pair ! 
i'm sure you would enjoy it irm . thing about these sailors was the various levels of disability . always inspired by sailability ! 
more like lust in the dust ! !LINK! 
ok so what happened on vigo lane yateley last night ? sure it wasn't nice but be interested to know . #bloodypeople 
cuckoo spit , it's that time of year . 
if there's no specific reason to use windows get a techy to install linux along side and enjoy ultra stable computing 
my dad's got a little apple tree . this year it actually produced some apples , skankiest looking things you'll ever see but my , delicious ! ! 
camera club hands project - ugly black & white middle finger !LINK! 
yeah , it's slog slog slog init ! 
castle bottom nature reserve in yateley 3 !LINK! 
see the craven govt preparing to give prisoners the vote . who runs this country ? us or the echr ? 
so ... according to my thermometer resting outdoors in the shade the temp's ... 27c / 81f #yateley #sizzles 
doubt it was an evening match , first floodlit league match was 22 february 1956 at pompey . afternoon maybe . 
coke can pyramid !LINK! 
so facebook have just bought 450,000 , 000 mobile phone numbers , stand by for more sms spam than you can deal with ! #whatsapp 
camera club hands project ugly black & white fist !LINK! 
gave up on colour printers a couple of years ago . bought a cheap samsung laser printer . b & w perfection . 
tweet he'll give you a game ! ! 
i am always reminded about stephen fry's quote about being offended ! 
met baby bro and famalam back from the revolting colonies for xmas . had the best pub lunch ever , deelish sausages and fine beer . hmmm 
sailability sailors competing in the burghfield sailing club challenger open meeting 11 may 2013 !LINK! 
well that storm turned out to be much ado about nothing . more to come this afternoon ? 
just had text saying it's being delivered tomorrow ! more good service ! hope they've fixed it . 
here you go nige , spy glasses with cameras !LINK! 
surely the sins of their fathers ( high income ) shall not be visited upon their adult children ? 
last days for the hanging basket . been spectacularly good this year - thanks ma-in-law !LINK! 
yateley amazing sunset 18 aug 15 [ 3 ] 
hands stayed firmly down ... so what is the connection between paul nash and yateley then ? oh his aunt ! 
feels rather bizarre but good wearing really old glasses with new lenses in courtesy of !LINK! 
me too ! big surprise but delighted ! 
na , it's speak propper innit , doh ! 
blimey , just noticed it's bucketing down ! augers well for the week i suppose ! hey ho ! 
you shouldn't be ! 
killer pothole on northbound longwater road yateley / eversley - be warned ! 
woo hoo , hba 1c 52 and cholsterol 2.9 ! ! ! #diabetes cured ! 
look in your loft , you're bound to have an electric heater somewhere in there . 
as chris tarrant used to say on capital radio .. hooray hooray , the 1st of may , outdoor sex begins today ! #asif 
plus also !LINK! 
2nd attempt to get into ushuaia ? 
biggest problem out here in the hampshire boondocks is a load of leaves on the road ! #isthatall ? 
bloody zenith double glazing oik cold calling in ' no cold calling zone ' in yateley . 
steele bodger wan't it ? fabulous name 
ok mary , now that is simply not funny , genuinely scary ! diabetes will get ya ! 
bluebells in a black and white wood - yateley / eversley !LINK! 
yep , that'll do me too ! rt : : here's matt ... !LINK! 
farnham castle photowalk - loveley day , tho maybe a bit bright ! !LINK! 
long live lewes eh dan ! 
new tube of my fave shaving gel arrived via amazon . can't beat proraso cutting edge ! 
send william hague to the idf ? 
sunday lunch . another home made focaccia bread loaf . delicious ! !LINK! 
been bitten by bugs , 2 on leg , one in eyebrow ! #fabulous 
all gone quiet on the western ( yateley ) front . nothing's happening . calm before the storm . we're all doomed i'll tell you we're all doomed 
lovely pic , should get yourself down to kew , gorgeous at the mo ... !LINK! 
delicious curry tonight i don't mind saying . very nice ! ! #modestbastard 
twitter returns to normal with ad block plus ( firefox only ) . add filter : !LINK! 
except i fear oracle have developed such a speed advantage i don't see nz getting close . shame but heigh ho ! 
and a short movie when the boats return to club after racing abandoned !LINK! 
gbc television - now live streaming video powered by livestream gibraltar v slovakia !LINK! 
get waze on yer phone and tell the driver the ways to go ! 
yateley st peter's church with magnolia tree in bloom !LINK! 
jesus h , the end of the world as i know it . completely run out of truffle oil . fml ! #middleclassproblems 
got inbox for gmail ! ooooh ! apparently it's good . suppose i'd better find out . waited long enough for the invite . 40,000 emails to sort ! 
yateley tythings circa 1883 !LINK! 
hi saira , thanks for the nutritional information on your sunflower bread . in isolation 25 ( cont ) !LINK! 
well the first half was exciting . not ! trying to stay awake ! 
waiting for the stairway to heaven to open up ? 
the coby down at lepe !LINK! 
did ya get up there ? queen's cup monday pm ... !LINK! 
a stylish stile in padstow !LINK! 
sun's out again . never successful in photographing interesting skies , very much " just leave running and hope " 
education education education ! thanks ! it was bread stealers earlier on in the lion's tour , but this cool . 
going to have to find a way of fixing this bloody win 8 pc today or it gets tossed ! #linuxrules 
what a croc ... 
star class keelboats in uk national champs in snow bound london docks !LINK! 
japanese katsu fishfinger curry for lunch ! easy to make and oh so delicious ! need more fishfingers ! 
it's not snowing in the sub tropical metropolis that is yateley at the moment but it sure feels like it should be ! brrr ! 
cumberland sausage poached for 8 mins , grilled for 8 mins . delish . best ever . bloody good tip , thanks ! #oneshow 
new york cheese cakes are the best , so i say baked ! 
really ... who would want to employ jayne wakefield as a carer ? !LINK! beyond contempt . #disgusted 
monotone images on !LINK! camera club project 
my arty farty holiday photos on flickr ... !LINK! 
i'll try in a while , that was taken at 800 iso . suspect i'll need to get the tripod out 
everyone around me is collapsing due to cold flu pneumonia but i feel perfectly fine ! weird . poster boy for flu jabs ! #itllhappentomesoon 
adblock plus will be the saviour of twitter and the all pervasive images ! 
my favourite comfort food , fishfinger katsu curry . hmmm delish ! 
not included in your list hotel california and jethro tull's we used to know !LINK! 
emphasis has to be " significant return " 
yes phil , but hasn't the die already been cast in iraq ? we're only talking artificial borders aren't we ? 
i do believe that people of a country that has been invaded should be able to do anything to repel the invaders 
miliband , without a doubt the biggest fool in politics . 
gawd , ain't that the truth ! good vid . 
ok , thanks to you i've just done the same . my life had better get better now ! #learnsomethingeveryday 
horse being ridden down our road ! clippertyclop clippertyclop 
have you checked outside to see if there are four horsemen waiting . #apocalypse now ! 
out walking the dog !LINK! 
kimeridge bay !LINK! 
good to see put up a good fight at last night . we scored as many as real madrid last week ! 
good idea , muscles ! yeh baby ! 
first time watching , brilliant , genuine skills loved it . 
my uncooked falafels ready to go into the oven 
you know the rule ... pics or it never happened ! 
at last getting some good sleep ! thanks to tesco herbal sleep aid ! 
gone down with man flu from hell . wifey unimpressed . blood sugars down ! normally they skyrocket . #diabetes 
surprised you're not already a regular there ! actually looking at the photo could it be thrillioniare , 3illionaire ? 
oh bollocks , the letter's been sitting on the sideboard for weeks ! better register online then ! thanks mr twitter ! 
a piece of ancient history ... a 2001 smartmedia card reader . oh those were the days ! bargain back then at £ 39 ! 
here's some ... !LINK! 
french graffiti !LINK! 
grozny ? 
duh ! rugby ! 
are they seriously actually predicting snow ? blame it on the eu , argentina , milliband and everything else that's ghastly ! 
snow coming ? snow chance ! not in my backwater of the hampshire boondocks ! !LINK! 
download libreoffice !LINK! that'll do ya for nowt ! 
doesn't this sort of thing come under the grand plan of lynton crosby ? hide it now before it's too late eh ? 
photo of the month competition ? how could we ignore ! 
my mum used to chop the kidneys superfine so they just dissolved leaving an amazing sauce . 
bugger , bloody blood sugars highest in months ! #diabetes sucks 
new season flowers 3 !LINK! on my knees in very damp conditions photographing fresh crocuses and snowdrops st peters yateley 
pathetic disqualification of elise christie ! 
well done phil , cameron made a fool of us . david davis really really would have been a better leader / pm . no proof no bombs 
reading and man utd feature on sky sports this weekend . 100 % results unlikely tho ! haven't told wifey yet ... gulp ! 
tor and tour ? 
well that was rather odd , despite sun shining my sky channels wouldn't play saying not receiving satellite signal . all others fine ! 
looks like are playing in a farmyard by the look of that pitch ! 
sort of forced me to turn the radio off ! 
summer has obviously arrived , there's at least 4 builders ' lorries down my road doing stuff to people's houses . 
thankfully i never met anyone as lovely as when i commuted ! # 7.39 
blood sugar 11.0 this morning . #diabetes sucks ! 
yateley - you could do better ! !LINK! 
my yahoo bookmarks have disappeared - this is so stupid 
if the yanks get hold of john and take him home i suppose miliband et al will shout " no death sentence " 
don't forget basingstoke's contribution to the story ... !LINK! - fame at last for basingstoke ! ! 
yay ! singlehanded photography whilst riding a bike . now there's a camera club challenge ! 
so the english hating snp are planning to vote on english only laws then , please please can we have another referendum in scotland . #goaway 
i always remember with a smirk on my face credits at the end of top of the pops flick colby choreographer for pans people 
2 big bowls of homemade hummus and keralan fish curry over the weekend and my breath could still melt metal . oh garlic have mercy please ! ! 
absolutely loving ' s india program . memories of india flooding back . great times , great food ! 
ur , we're not ! 6ft5 and proud ! 
with the body of a 25 year old ! ! happy birthday xx 
clean it with a handpumped pressure water sprayer !LINK! £ 8.65 on ebay . then spray the owners ! 
see you 10.11 pm kate . nothing too precise but i'll be checking ! 
3 points . yay ! #lions 
my blood sugar is effin mental , try what i may rarely does it level out ok . more insulin than blood ffs . #diabetes #depressed 
quick dinner tonight , hmmm , fishfinger sandwiches , deelish ! ! 
bluebells in our local woods 2 
there's plenty on twitter !LINK! don't be so fussy ! 
dear god the crows and magpies round this way are making a hell of a noise ! 
oi wall , you irish bastard gimme steak now . yes sir , like your style ! seeya on sky 1 soon ! 
i dunno , would capital gains tax dampen down house inflation ? 
sorry gerry , for your £ 40k per day salary , stop kicking that damn ball around and get on with mayoring . 
london street scenes - fabulous lamborghini lady [ i want too ] !LINK! 
a day of epic ordinariness on the yateley weather front . ho hum 
highly amusing watching people buying valentines cards this morning in tescos ! ! 
so how is moyes going to tell wayne rooney that is a better attacking midfielder & rvp is a better centre foward ? 
having spent all day yesterday on my feet and all day today i can honestly say my feet hurt like they never did . #needsasofa 
mushroom in back garden with tin of soup for scale !LINK! 
great pics 
my entry into the fleet pond society photographic competition ... !LINK! 
blue cheese , margaux and some rugby surely ! ! 
sorry stuck in a field in deepest darkest rural france . it's a tough old job ! ! ! 
what an interesting coincidence , ours has to be out for tomorrow collection and it's blowing a full on gale here . wait til later ! 
kew gardens may 2013 - 5 !LINK! 
local photo studio required for day hire local ( ish ) to yateley . thanks 
ugh ... 
radio reception on my dab radio is awful this morning . 
9.15 tonight on sky sports , can't wait ! 
yateley common in north london eh daily ? more like north hampshire ! #potbelliedflasher 
that argentine anthem singer is a bit alright ! 
perhaps i don't like change , but after 4 hours decided i don't like the new flickr layout . heigh ho 
good one kate but oh how those thieves make me so sick :-( twice in 2 weeks . 
a week of really controlled ( starved ) diet and my morning blood glucose is now in the 6s ! cured ! #diabetes sucks 
like a complete pratt uninstalled my samsung laser printer on my ubuntu system and now can't get it to work again . #idiot #cantprint 
omg , i was at that match ! so so brilliant ! good memories . teenage dreams 
know what i hate ? my samsung galaxy waking me up at 3.05 am to tell me low battery and to plug in charger . wifey not impressed too ! 
man utd lose , #readingfc lose and now i hear gwynie paltrow is separating - hmmm really crap evening of results ! 
" : please stop calling the #royalbaby a girl . we don't know what the babys gender until it is old enough to decide for itself 
i did , arranged for it to be picked up monday and was . good service . said i'd have it back by last friday . nope ! anyway to track it ? 
working on my pc at home wearing just boxers and tee shirt . door bell goes . who's that ? lady jehova witnesses . guess i just made their day ! 
ah , the similarities between that and the classic black cat in the coal cellar photograph are uncanny . nice eye for a pic ! 
try strong black tea with a splash of ribena . great for those of us who hate milk in hot drinks 
very good saira , but what app are you using to produce those groovy images ! ? 
hmmm first attempt at stuffed peppers . delish ! ! 
control tower blackbushe 
oh wow , the traffic from yateley to fleet was bloody awful this morning . honestly think i should've walked . 
you'll have fewer hub caps when you leave bracknell than you had when you arrived ! 
microsoft in talks to name bernabeu !LINK! unbelievable ! ! 
#ff top lady togs 
south hill park bracknell photowalk - lone boot ! !LINK! 
it would take one flick of a switch to crash a spanish bank and then watch the dominoes fall 
moor it there for 6 months , paint rust all over it , let steam come out of the reactor , that'll make em happy ! 
that's better ! swing low ! 
what you offering by way of payment ? ;-) 
so you have ' great expectations ' then ? 
2 things that impressed , the sheer size of the first direct arena and the sheer size of your heels ! great show , well done all ! 
sitting in the eye clinic at frimley park as driver for my dad . what a life i lead ! ! 
cheers simon , definitely worth visiting especially with wellie boots ! 
really , never knew that ! 
been for an excellent walk in yateley , up to and around wyndham's pool . recommend ! and it wasn't actually cold ! #makesachange 
why aye man , sydney's looking reet grand ! 
meadows roundabout camberley becoming more dangerous thanks to new store . people diving across lanes 
have clearly seen better times . back in the spring ... !LINK! 
bollocksy bollocksy bollocksy , wish i could get my blood sugar below 10 first thing . grrr ! #diabetes 
ok , surrey's only a couple of miles down the a30 from where i live , think i'll get me a spade and start digging 
for no apparent reason my blood sugars are high again this morning . #diabetes 
damn bloody spanish i really like their red wine , oh well maybe again 1 day #gibraltar #gibfrontier 
dumb ass sky sports - yes sailors swear ! live with it - stop apologizing #americascup 
in flanders fields the poppies blow between the crosses , row on row #2minutesilence #remembrance 
wonderful rossini concert by yateley choral society last night . lighting not so goo tho ! #lovedeveryminute 
home made baba ganoush !LINK! 
inside a daffodil - never been a flower photographer but was bored ! !LINK! 
should that not have been ' an " an " ' ? 
edited competition image taken through rainy windscreen . improvement ? !LINK! 
. still not getting an hd picture on ch 501 , all other hd channels working fine . what's going on ? 
husbandly duties completed , wifey's car now free from ice . tip , put crocs on double radiator over night then they're warm as toast outside ! 
basically what you're saying is that i've now got to wait just 51 weeks to have a go at that . remind me please ! 
i'm surprised it takes so long for you , i use ver 4.1 . 0 on linux and it is up and running in a few seconds . hey ho ! 
doh ! how did i miss that ? thanks ! 
st catherine's monastery to close . as a religious atheist this is so sad . been there , wonderful place . !LINK! via 
so the original pics were iphone pics then ? doubly impressed ! 
i fear not , much ado about nothing . one clap of thunder does not make a storm . blimey who let shakespeare into my head ! 
so it's the longest night of the year and i can't sleep ! going on and on and on 
tall chicks do it for me so well done maria sharipova on winning the french open . 
watching proms on delay having watched race 1 of the america's cup . both awesome ! 
since the #gibraltar border checks it's all about the costa living crisis innit ! 
amazingly they're now flogging christmas trees in yateley . kudos to them if they're able to get buyers ! 
modesty prevents ... nah , no it don't ! nice spider too ! !LINK! 
beautiful but terrifying , was at country show when a tethered harris hawk lunged at my innocent dog . scary #poorrolo 
ah the blue oyster cult ! !LINK! 
sculpture park 1 !LINK! 
please send me your email address so i may pay a water bill . i am in england . merci beaucoup 
she's doing 2 handed push ups ! pah ! ! that's for wimps . expect you saira to do them singlehandedly ! min 25 at a time . 
after 2 weeks of 30 + temps in this bit of france have woken today to clouds ! #bummer ! 
lunch today , smoked mackerel on soy and linseed bread . healthy & delicious ! 
some bluebells taken in eversley copse - if you fancy one let me know and i'll send a copy !LINK! 
had a bit of a chance to recover - yateley 10k yateley 10kaug6 - 0001 !LINK! 
feeling sick as a dog . manflu , so am cutting up 73 a0 mountboards . am sweating epically . ugh ! 
tonight's culinary delight is bean cauliflower mash . in theory it looks good , we'll see ! ! !LINK! #diabetes 
brrr " : winter isn't usually this long ! norf london's still freeezing . !LINK! " 
sailor's wind web site ... !LINK! yateley / farnborough 
something queer going on with on my tv . only receiving standard def on 516 & not hd on 501 . other hd channels ok . wazzup ? 
hi phil , good meeting you last night . blimey , an mp that's a normal bloke . impressed ! husky women eh ? doncha just love em ! 
also 10.22 pm on the 22nd of the 10th ! might explain the near end of the world storm we've just had out here in hampshire 
never ending hedge trimming completed for this week . probably same next week . #exciting life for me ! 
lovely photograph . never have my camera ready when i see it and them fly overhead . there's a couple in waitrose area 
yateley tythings with texture !LINK! 
been to waitrose this lunchtime , as ever full of milfs but wow was it cold ! #turnontheheating 
" password required " do i win ? ? ;) 
so it looks unlikely that wales are now going to win 3 championships on the trot . no record then boyos ! #6nations #rugby 
dealing with very elderly parents ! might do the polo fields at windsor great park 
that itv commentator just said a lot of the iranian players have their christian names on the back of their shirts ! how about that ayatollah 
wellington college new year's day 2015 iv !LINK! 
right click file in win explorer ' open with ' select open office 
amazingly some bin dippers went thru the skip outside our neighbours ' house last night ! #doh ! 
waiting for wifey at fleet station as the rain came down.joy ! 
japanese katsu fishfinger curry - difficult to beat if you're in a hurry 
#lorrainesflirtyfood come to bed pies 
2nd lot of hallowe'eners and it's only 5.45 ! that said it was the neighbours and they had made a big effort . running out of sweets crisis ! 
really didn't think it would actually get light this morning , pissing with rain dark clouds grim as you like #ohtobeinengland ! 
a sea of daisies by horseshoe lake in yateley 
if you're feeling curious how about tea flavoured with blackcherry syrup or even plain old ribena ... very eastern european ! 
#gibraltar the spanish have been dropping artificial reefs to protect fish stocks . sounds like a good idea ! !LINK! 
what ? the sun ? nowt on beeb ! !LINK! 
great historical guff of yateley at francis frith , pics and maps n stuff ... !LINK! 
happy st davids day boyos ! 
you'll be a better person having watched it . the beautiful game ! 
windguru : united kingdom - yateley farnborough - yachtsman's wind strength forecast !LINK! 
!LINK! 
yay another brillo result in the america's cup . go kiwi ! 
i would buy cd of end credits music . go on beeb do one . !LINK! #luther 
shower fixed , 5 days without , even dogs would sniff me ! 
flashheart dead ? rip rik mayall 
yateley - blackwater river !LINK! 
now let's see , any chance of getting a half decent night's sleep ? #doubtit 
youths congregating on fire exit at the tythings last night disturbing our activities inside . ruins what we were doing . 
y'know steven , i went there 34 years ago and from what i can see nothing much's changed . #builttolast 
yeah and plebby itv will ruin all england's home match programmes , bloody adverts . sky should have had it 
red sunset 
wasn't this 1980s labour mantra , the more tax you pay the better off you'll be . 
brillo pic simon , well done and welcome to the club ! 
typical blow a certain victory by conceding a last minute equaliser ! doh ! ! ! 
phil neville really is a rubbish co commentator #eng 
south hill park bracknell photowalk - rusty locks !LINK! 
gotta say the ' new ' yahoo groups interface is truly crap . what where they thinking ? sometimes the concept of looking cool is stupid . 
just finished quinoa with salmon and samphire ! extremely delicious ! fancy a meal ? ;) 
sorry kate i think i'm with suzannah when it comes to the ring , it's just not that important ! 
i nominate for a shorty award in #fakeaccount because ... > they could easily be the real thing ! ! ! < !LINK! 
apparently you should have won saturday night ! !LINK! 
photo “ coca cola can in the snow by simon smith #500px !LINK! ” 
blimey , showing my age , i remember when that opened . #hopeitsimproved 
blimey , it's getting a bit windy round this backwater of the hampshire boondocks ! #yateley 
so according tinternet home made limoncello is dead easy to make , hmmm , we'll see ! #haveago 
lavender bokeh - taken with my new lens - tooo little depth of field i suspect !LINK! 
yateley 10k runners on cricket hill !LINK! 
just been pointed out that due to my recent health calamity l have not bought mrs smith a christmas card . deep do do ! ! 
on its way ! 
south hill park photowalk in bracknell 2 !LINK! 
very impressive ! checked it out at 5 am . very bright , not sure what to expect twas a bit bigger than normal but not much . ho hum ! 
nice here in the hampshire boondocks too ! 
can we do away with our car tax disks tomorrow ? 
that's true but holland is flat , england has hills and at the moment it feels like i'm cycling up them all . #wuss 
that's a shame , made me sort've like him a bit . 
in bed with and nice start to christmas . 
watching the quins scarlets match live from smith towers stadium in the sofa stand . #needsanimprovement 
thanks charlotte couldn't see the link 
coke can relaxing under tree !LINK! 
glad the online version is 2015 , rather than the email link to jan 2014 ! good stuff ! 
bbc news - instagram to start allowing ads in us photo streams !LINK! - with any luck ad block will deal with this crap . 
road side ice [ 4 ] !LINK! 
so privileged louise ! thank you so much ! ! 
sheeplike i've installed bbm . now gotta wait gawd knows how long for it to be authorised . then i'll decide it's crap and delete . hey ho 
the ferry at sandbanks ... 
a couple of years , tho lost a whole years data earlier this year when i did a factory reset on my phone and hadn't backed up ;( 
yateley amazing sunset 18 aug 15 [ 2 ] 
1868ish !LINK! 
went to the polo - but camera in hand . !LINK! 
can't quite see our seats from last week but the sofa at smithenham stadium is a lot bigger and warmer ! and drier ! 
ah , the image should be on 500px . 
hopefully ad-block will , err , ad block it 
savill garden , windsor great park / virginia water in january - frozen puddle - abstract !LINK! 
kew gardens may 2013 - 6 !LINK! 
i've found an old glass thermometer and put it outdoors in the shade , this must be the hottest part of the day - i wonder what it'll get to ? 
!LINK! 
no it's #brexit not #beatrix and we're all looking forward to that ! ! 
3 points to the boyos , bummer ! 
sitting at fleet station waiting for train to arrive . 2 big towers being built . what are they for then ? #freezing 
my smoke on the water pic of fleet pond in hampshire life magazine . #chuffed !LINK! 
just been watching livearena vid of my nephew playing ice hockey in us . pipelight is great ubuntu alternative to ms silverlight . yay ! 
yep , very interesting . good read . 
!LINK! 
why wait for 15 ! ! 
what happens if jb outperforms fa like when lh did ? team orders ? 
38 apps updated on my sammy s4 - only took 2 hours ! 
blimey ! well done ! ! ! congrats and all that . 
you can forgive a 2 year old , not a number withheld phone call ! bloody samsung ! 
your wong there neaded 
never forget that june 4 is the anniversary of the massacre in #tiananmen square by the butchers of beijing . 
sorry loraine , this is really appalling . it might be worth looking into !LINK! if you use apple mac 
my achy teeth turning out to be worse than i expected . terrible night's sleep , pain thru out , suspect abscess . emergency dentist appt #fml 
hey dan , as a man in the know , what's the official french and spanish position regarding the llívia enclave in france ? 
bollocks to it all , just eaten a whisper bar ! #diabetes 
local yateley red kite swooping really low this morning . magnificent ! never have my camera at hand . he / she needs a partner #alwaysalone 
camera club hands project - happy full colour thumbs up !LINK! 
monday to saturday parking in fleet 20p , sundays £ 1 - suporting sunday trading i see #not 
yes indeed , all we are saying is give peas a chance 
fresh update to latest ubuntu and it still won't talk to my canon slr ! bloody technology ! 
scotland ? 
not many people know about llívia , a full blown spanish enclave in france !LINK! #gibraltar 
bloody yes ! 
yateley 10k aug 2014 album on flickr !LINK! 
chilly last night so have layered the spring duvet ( uncovered ) on top of the summer one . fear it might be a layer too far ! 
blood sugar 4.8 this morning . dinner last night ... simmered & grilled sausage , wholemeal couscous & onion pepper and tomato chilli stirfry 
sad to say but maybe they should tattoo their inner forearms with crosses for the same reason the coptics do 
london street scenes - carluccio's in chiswick !LINK! 
police tape put up again to stop horses escaping from the sandhurst field murder scene - !LINK! 
i think you might be right :( it's sometimes odd being in the company of others same height . 
10 % stamp duty on scottish houses over £ 250k . sheer bloody stupid socialist madness . biggest disincentive to business expanding there ever 
wtf unbelievable lloyds parmacy yateley have run out of lantus insulin & so have their suppliers . thankyou boots ! #diabetes #dieasweetdeath 
back from first stint at yateley may fayre . come visit yateley camera club's tent . returning later . fab weather . 
doctorate and canary girl super hero all on the same day ! waiter go ! 
better hope that lynton is explaining to dave how politics works , because on that front he's an idiot 
chelsea v man city , the epl premier league now all about who can spend the most . man utd / arsenal organic growth clubs out of it long term 
sorry given up on rise of the continents , too much kilometers for an englishman ! 
houmos made ! 
wtf where have all my bookmarks gone from my yahoo with the all new shitty lay out ? utter utter crap . 
looks like there's a bullet hole in the glass behind the bloke next to adrian chiles in the itv studio ! clearly missed adrian ! #worldcup 
wait till the boks are playing with 15 i suppose ! 
well meadows roundabout is total crap tonight , what's the delay ? bloody traffic lights out of sync ? 18.07 5 aug 15 
depends on how long a game cameron is playing 
2 police cars at fleet station plus now a plain clothes police car . waz goin on ? ? 
frimley park helicopter !LINK! noise and wind all around ! taken with my phone 
bluebells in eversley copse !LINK! 
to review android apps you now have to use your google + account which will be publicly shared . screw that , i'll continue moaning in private ! 
get yer kit off then we would be impressed . #forauthenticityssake 
had kippers for lunch . hmmm , big mistake , burp , wont be doing that , burp , again . and my fingers smell of rancid smoke . hmmm 
looks like it's going to be a long old day today ! 
sorry phil not enough memory on phone , have to wait til when i get home ! #needabetterphone 
#arsvsmcfc etihad marketing dept fc struggling today ! ! ! 
sorry , coke and pepsi . ( uncensored ) - youtube !LINK! 
oops misread your original tweet ! happens a lot ! 
whoa ! end of the world rain here ! where's noah when you need him most ! yateley sinks ! 
broken ? the on / off button looks like it was hit with a hammer ! ! can't explain other than the inlaws are late 80s . cheers 
personally can't believe the syrian's would be so stupid to launch gas attacks . if i were a rebel then yes , a few martyrs is a good price 
i just bought : ' bad moon rising : the collection ' by creedence clearwater revival via !LINK! 
hope you get some decent pics ! 
oops looks like the recycling bin lorry has broken down outside my house . it wasn't even my rubbish what broke it ! ! 
good morning francis , nice to see you've joined twitter ! have a nice day ! ! 
i'm turning japanese you know i'm turning japanese you really think so ! ! ! huge congrats ! 
reading fc on verge of massive drenthe and hooper double signing ! !LINK! 
flasheart " goggles on , chocks away , last one back's a homo ! hooray ! " 
nice one andy and not a single big yellow taxi in sight ! 
us ? how long's it been called that ? last time i looked it was the united colonies . really must read more ! 
giant hail stones ! 
“ polo at guards club windsor great park by simon smith #500px !LINK! ” 
chocks away ginger and tally ho ! 
very many congratulations kate 
two thirds down this beeb page !LINK! 
congrats , busy times eh ! ! 
it woke me up at 2.00 in the morning and i didn't go back to sleep . grumpy . hold the front page ! 
macro shot of seriously spiky gorse !LINK! 
delivering christmas cheer in yateley !LINK! 
... and of course in north korea it stops you getting executed ! !LINK! 
... and thru that democracy the scottish part decides to go it alone . the greatest example of democracy 
ranil , i was raised in the countryside and have seen the carnage that foxes do please allow hunting 
the man doth protest too much , methinks 
cmon etnz one more win and the #americascup is yours ! ! ! 
yours ? hope not . !LINK! 
blood sugar 10.4 first thing this morning . oh to be in single figures ! 
there should be plenty from 11 til gone 4 
as other people have said go canon mid range 700d for instance , more than you'll need 
well bayern got their comeuppance last night thanks to their dire tactics , wonder if chelsea will tonight or will it be an all madrid final ? 
oh c'mon dutch girl , do you really actually genuinely think i would read such guff ? nope , was wifey's , who gave up after 50 pages . 
polo at guards club - windsor 5 !LINK! 
sunset over yateley #flickr !LINK! 
south hill park bracknell photowalk photographers 3 !LINK! 
savill garden in january 1 !LINK! 
shout out for the excellent service given by in camberley ! 
had a great walk around your gardens thankyou ! !LINK! 
spent this afternoon trying to pay edf for french house electricity . tesco int calling card - total phone cost 34p ! edf a bit more tho ! 
jeez , it's bitchin hot out here in the yateley boondocks . #melting 
jeez this really is shite ! elementary is so so much better ! #sherlock 
i love bollywood ... !LINK! 
the great yateley rainbow of 11 august 2015 !LINK! 
love em , esp for breakfast ... gentleman's relish on toast ... hmmm deelish ! 
never ever thought about that , but it looks delish . cook that for me and i might even marry you ! 
where is that please ? !LINK! 
brittany ferries ' ferry leaving poole probably bound for cherbourg or st malo !LINK! 
diabetes out of control again :( home made harissa flavoured hummus to the rescue ! hmmm deelish ! 
gotta say even as a republican david bailey's portrait of queenie is pretty darned good ! 
easier to walk to the post office than drive , tho definitely a whole lot wetter . #moist 
how's audi ? #tenderhooks 
basingstoke canal at odiham 2 !LINK! 
blood sugar actually below 9 this morning ! ! a fabulously low 8.9 ! woo bloody hoo ! diabetes #cured :-) 
test tweet from flickr checking new format tweets with preview . guess it probably doesn't :( !LINK! 
it's still 2 yrs away but you're right the thought of sailing on the sewer will give you olympic fever ! 
not quite hampshire but the pot holes on the road out of frimley park hospital are enough to put you back in there . #tyrekillers 
saw the iss fly overhead last , crystal clear sky . then saw it fade as it went into earth's shadow . amazing . tonight again at 18.08 #yateley 
#askbbcpeston in light of the cyprus precedent does it make sense to move savings to non ez / eu bank ie swiss ie zürcher kantonalbank 
got an official letter from the government today informing me that i can't retire until i'm 66 ! thanx . might as well make that 96 ! 
2/2 we have tried previously via your web site but have not received a reply . many thanks ... simon 
boiled lobster with melted butter followed by fried foie gras , and a few chips ! 
thinking this isn't as much fun as it was :( 
chilly start to the day out here in the yateley boondocks . blue sky with plenty of jet trails . brrr 
cultural vandalism is a new weapon of war , look at what daesh is doing in palmyra in syria . 
why are my blood sugars not going down ? stuck high now for 48 hours . #starving #diabetes sucks 
why do international sms anyway ? whatsapp and kik are easier and free . 
really good meeting with last night . great things in the offing 
eversley bluebells - a set on flickr !LINK! 
access dinghies at burghfield sc 6 !LINK! 
one penny dave , one penny and you're doomed eu 2 billion 
oh that's what they say my dad's got ! 
windsor great park - fall 2014 . went looking for sexy red leaves saw mainly reflections . nice walk mind ! ! !LINK! 
et tu sweety ! 
oracle definitely faster than nz once there is wind to foil #americascup 
no it doesn't 
never forget , it's good to be bad !LINK! 
same here , couldn't believe it , feels like novemeber ! 
plant bokeh !LINK! 
windsor walkabout - rusty gate handle !LINK! 
blimey ! - how an arbitrary number broke the internet yesterday - telegraph !LINK! 
after the marvelous lizzie on the teatray this men's figure skating is so outrageously camp ! #sochi2014 
changing seasons , clematis flower !LINK! 
recycling bin lorry now working again , but doesn't seem very healthy . men on phone . 
looks like every app on my galaxy is being updated at the moment ... only 5 more to go ! 
yay , me too ! go on say it and sod the lawyers #littlecup little america's cup little america's cup #littleamericascup 
jws rang the door bell , stayed silent prayed ( ! ) the phone wouldn't go off . eventually they put a leaflet thru door . 
see the pro palestinian terrorist bbc are still not reporting the rocket attacks on israel #gaza 
feel a bit guilty about it but tried everything else to stop the blighters , had to resort to slug pellets . they work :( 
conversion ! ! ! #lions 
it is a cold day in hell when i watch anything on itv but give that a whirl and i just might , well maybe once , for 2 mins ... 
tragic - talented teenage sailor found dead - telegraph !LINK! 
new yahoo email is a heap of old shoit init ? see folders list but can't access them . curr rap ! 
sandbanks ferry loading up at dusk !LINK! 
and a very merry christmas bakatcha too gerry 
ooh no ! gets stuck in your teeth ! garibaldi ? nope ! 
thanks having a wonderful time 
right , i'm off to make yet another espresso . 
fair enough , so long as they don't return . 
load of rubbish - pretty much a rubbish photograph !LINK! 
lloyds current a / c ok , c & g savings now tsb , i'll be moving that to halifax soon . political banks ? no thanks ! 
utter utter stupidity down to ten . 
of course but i was looking at the wraps thinking hmmm , chuck away all that healthy stuff ! hey ho and all that ! 
sunny here too in blighty but cars covered in thick ice . have . a nice day 
page 18 , we like page 18 ! #criminal kevin costner blackbushe yateley 
very good ! 
you're probably right , but angella i think wants some changes too , and will want our help in changing treaty for banking . 
well that was an epically crap drive back from heathrow down the m3 waterway . the rain's reigning ! 
never be bounced into negotiation , leave it as it is and then take down a few of their banks . 
had some chips last night , blood sugar 7.8 ! 
warmest day of the year today and it's damn cold this good morn - 2 
feign food poisoning , fly the whole trip locked in the loo . 
morning blood glucose readings !LINK! suck on that ! woo hoo ! 
woops , nope i'll do that now ! 
listening to " we used to know " by jethro tull - song stolen by the eagles for hotel california !LINK! #fab 
unt now you understand vhy they cut the ecb rate ! 
#lfc so brendan rodgers was a useless manager at and so it continues at liverpool . sir john madge will tell you how to sack him ! 
ok cmon , dragon's teeth on the common sounds exotic , what on earth are you talking about ! 
would make sense for to bring on board rene meulensteen to prepare in advance for louis van gaal ( if twitter rumours are true ! ! ) 
wifey's checked under bed and has told me she'll be running away as fast as she can if my head gets pushed thru the bedroom ceiling #luther 
shooting up in my butt cheeks can be really painful sometimes ! #diabetes 
" two boys aged 17 travelled to syria from dewsbury " so , good riddance then . what's the fuss ? 
adblock plus filters get rid of the incredibly annoying twitter image previews !LINK! #backtonormal 
ahh ! tesco light choices no added sugar apple juice drink no longer available !LINK! what 2 do ? :-( 
and just who is the " alian prime minister " in the news ticker . oh yes that taff bird who's probo an illegal alian . 
. and it's now even colder - 3 
#whyimvotingukip because david moyes was a great manager and louis van gaal is foreign with a girls name 
talking rubbish ! my instagram is cheeers 
oh gawd is that phil bloody neville again #worldcup 
well the mild cold has now morphed into full blown pleurisy . definite absence of wifely sympathy , tho she's got it too . she's ok #manthing 
the traffic was epically bad this morning . combination of ice on widows and low low sun i suspect . grrr 
french president francois hollande doing to julie gayet what he's been doing to france . atta boy ! 
i tried tor many many years ago , couldn't see the point for me then , but it could be interesting to see how this pans out now . 
ah yes but is that shade ambient temp or in the sun ? #scorchio ! 
photo “ yateley tythings by simon smith #500px !LINK! ” 
hi louise , saw this photo and thought of you ! !LINK! 
just pigged my way thru a whole packet of smoked mackerel fillets for lunch seasoned with maldon sea salt.deelish and good for you ! ( i hope ) 
in 1995 eric cantona kicked an irritating fan and got 8 months ban . in 2013 eden #hazard kicks an irritating ballboy . what will his ban be ? 
need to dig out a good photo for yateley camera club's away fixture tomorrow night . i know which one , question is finding it ! #dissordered 
haven't you ever wondered why cricket is not a big sport in belgium ? 
goeie geluk , het ' n groot reis 
screenshot ? 
agh ! my fabulous 2013 ansell adams calendar has expired . need a new interesting one for 2014 
interesting read ! the world's running out of workers ! !LINK! 
bats and stag beetles flying around my back garden . if i had hair they would get caught in it ! #fabulous 
bluebells in eversley !LINK! 
been using my awesome fuji e900 pocket camera with 2 lithium aa batts . they last so long but give hardly any notice when they're about to die 
stevia , perfect for diabetics and everyone else ! 
ok that's quite enough of the thunder and rain for yateley . time for it to move on . #goodforthegardenthough 
lot of activity in yateley waitrose carpark along with search teams looking for the missing man . hope they find him soon 
enjoyed a heston waitrose hot cross bun for breakfast . recommend ! very tasty . 
ok now that looks seriously impressive ! 
the snow in #yateley , it came , it fluttered and now it's gone . much ado about nothing ! maybe later ? we'll see ! 
you need volume locker , a truly useful app ... !LINK! & stops you accidentally turning ring tone down too 
going by my twitter timeline , cameron's finally telling the truth on milliband ! 
met local mp james arbuthnot yday at yateley may fair . seemed like a decent enough bloke . flogged him a couple of raffle tickets . 
out and about doing family things . a joy ! noah texting to see if i need any help ! 
well apologises to phil neville , it's actually robbie savage droning on in northern ! 
gently driving around the lanes of yateley with a slow shutterspeed ! !LINK! 
" : tesco store trashed by gaza protesters !LINK! !LINK! " hamas hits tesco ! idiots 
what the hell time is it ? half past 8 , 9 or 10 ? bloody eu ! well probably ! 
blimey , flickr's gone all groovy this morning ! 
this has got to have been the stormiest christmas that i can ever remember . and so it goes on ... 
classy modified front door at the tythings in yateley ! 
the sun has got its hat on at the moment but according to the beeb it'll be pouring by lunchtime ! #fab ! 
made your keralan fish curry with vietnamese river cobbler white fish ! superb flesh that really holds together #recomend 
given up trying to get a new password , needs to be stupidly complicated and not rememberable . pw's shouldn't be written down 
after last night's storms it continues to peace down here in the yateley boondocks . #summeraroundthecorner 
thanks have done , original tweet deleted 
polo at guards club - windsor 1 !LINK! 
hi paul , hope you're all well and wish eddie a happy birthday from us ! 
i use mr number on my android phone to block spam calls . there'ill be an iphone alternativ i'm sure . best app i've installed 
the warmth coming from the sunshine beaming thru my window is so so much nicer than heating ! 10 days more apparently ! #yesplease 
terrible . poor adam indeed . cmon urz !LINK! 
windsor walkabout - lock being repaired !LINK! 
went to tesco with an unchecked waitrose bought euro lottery ticket for 6/11 and came out with a non winning random one dated 9 oct . wtf ? 
it doesn't more beautiful than a bra day that's for sure ! 
still can't learn to like the flickr layout . !LINK! much prefer the old format . in them oldern days ! 
nope ! have used adblock since day 1 and have no intention of ever giving it up however clever smart interesting the ads were 
enjoying a sunny sunday afternoon watching the #f1 cmon kimi 
know what makes me mad ? being woken by the phone at 2.15 in the bloody morning & struggling to get back to sleep . don't mess with me today ! 
#10ptaxrate obviously we'll have to bring down the tax threshold so that we can then give our voters tax credits . 
the bosses car #gibraltar !LINK! afew years ago 
more of the magnificent back garden mushroom ! !LINK! 
smart adults have smart kids , blimey , who saw that coming ? 
blimey i think we can safely say that winter has arrived in sub tropical yateley , freezing cold , blowing a gale , pouring with rain , yuk yuk ! 
#scd it's a dance competition for christ's sake , not a fun competition . even if it's your birthday . time to go home mark ! 
waiting at fleet station in the rain at about 5.45 in the evening .. taken with my phone !LINK! 
cooked falafels straight from the oven ready for eating . bloody delicious , love them 
saira , what's the carb content / slice please ? #diabetes thanks . 
#lorrainesflirtyfood fellatio and chips 
oh brian you were our hero , well done and all that . 
router's hanged twice so far this morning . grrr . obvs down to the weather . rebooting works but don't want to do that all day . technology ! 
if a woman could finish her tweets ? 
hidden pop up machine guns are a good deterrent . nothing extreme though ! 
a ha ! appachan is grandfather . thankyou mr google ! 
gary read this espn article about giggs , van gaal , ancelotti . becomes a no brainer ... !LINK! 
but don't allow yourself to get too cold tho !LINK! 
sloping pampas grass at buckler's hard !LINK! 
obviously a massive line of mexican born footballers played for england . who else did other than dickie greaves ? :) 
also sms spam blocker - postman for text blocking !LINK! 
great , the wigathletes beat the etihad airways marketing department ! 
" : goooaaalll ! ! jimmy kebe ! #readingfc " 1 - 0 
amazingly all the local lakes are still frozen #thaw ? 
semper ubi sub ubi , ask mayes if this is beyond you ! 
dug out my aero press coffee maker this morning . had forgotten how good the coffee it makes is . excellent ! 
however distasteful the sun's reporting is if it upsets the lefties then i'm happy ! 
nil illigitimus carborundi 
conclusive evidence ! here's the fph chopper taken in may . similar ? maybe . !LINK! 
what he's saying is " uber , what's uber ? " sorry mate satnav has taken over ' the knowledge ' ! 
' we don't want gibraltar back ' what spain's king juan carlos told the uk in the 80s !LINK! 
damn you woman made me all enquiring . found my fave chef ' s recipe ... !LINK! 
easy with ad block plus ( firefox only ) 
political correctness gone mad ! !LINK! 
yateley school light aircraft takes off !LINK! 
hmm , yes well , swapped back to shutter button , couldn't get on with back button focus . maybe should have given it more time . 
impending disaster ... sea bass stocks at lowest in two decades via !LINK! #middleclassproblems 
yes it will ! instead of walking down town gonna now have to drive to fleet . disappointed . hello mr lloyds across the road ! 
here's a yateley oriented one ... !LINK! what format are you looking for ? pixel size etc 
graves at midnight ... 
wifey reporting ' road survey ' signs on a331 blackwater bypass . it'll be a nightmare if they do it during morning rush tomorrow #avoid 
skype is good innit , use it to video call my famalam in seattle . heard that viber is even better , tho we're deeply skype entrenched 
red jacket ? now there's a man you would expect to see wearing red trousers ! 
the view thru my window on monday ! nice weather for august ! 
it has a silent r , basically it's fuck arse tho the beeb would never accept that 
not only official " conservationists " mike . killing without a genuine need is repugnant . have a nice day ! 
madrid screwed with us over gibraltar , we lose them the olympics ! #neverlearn ! gogo tokyo ! 
samsung galaxy is gobbling up over 1 mb data per hour on ' os services ' wtf are they ? 
if you replace all the words with " dur " it's quite easy and will pass as the real thing in any english pub 
who ? 
hello , good evening and good night . rip sir david frost 
certainly not amongst the world's developed countries ! c'est la vie ! 
bloody brilliant ! you do need to make this guff more clear on your web site tho ! thanks , now i can do the cards . 
yeah , but other than that you're alright ? 
#vangaalmufc so is ryan giggs now going to have to change his name to ryan higgs ? #mufc 
3g football pitch ? ok you've piqued my interest , what on earth is a 3g football pitch ? is it slower than a 4g one ? 
indeed irma , was thinking about you as i was eating them ;-) still up for that sportsmans double ? 
definitely not , strange day , am starving too , just finished my lunch at 10.30 
farnham castle photowalk !LINK! 
fooork ! 
oh irm , that's not clotted cream ! ! wouldn't say no tho ! 
so waddaya think of brucey and laser then ? ! ? !LINK! 
warning over faulty diabetes meters !LINK! ~ oh joy ! 
poinsettier and coke !LINK! 
amazing bell ringing in yateley this morning , a good 2 hour session . gardening to bells ! 
so how much is a pint of milk then ? unknown part of weekend tesco shop . 
before anchovies it was also known as " unagi " or " japanese freshwater eel " !LINK! 
could #eng beat #brazil ? #brazilvsgermany 
tottenham hotspur & avb , who would now want to be their manager ? ultimate poison chalice ? well them and chelsea , & wba ! 
well as long as when you get a bit depressed you don't go hanging around railway stations ! 
according to the beatles there were 4000 holes in blackburn , maybe go search for them ! !LINK! 
and it's snowing again , tho it'll come to nowt as usual . #yateley 
where was the sandhurst farmers market this sunday ? 
there's been an annoying background drone going on all day in #yateley - what is it ? 
a few pics from our trip to sandbanks march 2015 !LINK! 
i just bought : ' sharpe's tiger : richard sharpe and the siege of seringapatam , 1799 [ sharpe 1 ] ' by ... via !LINK! 
1/2 hi phil would it be possible for you to ' follow me ' as i would like to discuss one of your consituents ( my father ! ) . 
imho there needs to be an " ethical " supplier in energy market . sort've like the co-op bank , but doesn't go bust ! 
are you still hanging around with that george osborne bloke ? sorry gideon , disguise eet don't werk 
blogspot ? 
i remember during olympics ladies hockey was so good . it's back on sky , world cup from the hague , excellent much better than ladies football 
so someone picks up your phone , knows your yahoo email address , gains access - more secure ? hmmm 
you're a wild woman for sure ! gib too , probably ! ;) 
can't help but think those wraps are seriously full of carb . 
