... btw , great post . even though i disagree w / opinions you have , i'm glad you pursued your interests ... 
a good tree can't bear bad fruit ; a bad tree can't bear good fruit . our love marks us as christ's disciples 
and to america ! check out the song by " we are stronger " for a christian view ... 
i'm american & only half paying attention . but , i'd translate as , " blah , blah , blah ! " 
let me guess : " obey the bible " means , " obey our interpretation of the bible ! " 
doesn't the whole " worse than an infidel " refer to people who dump care for elderly relatives on the church 
it was windy today 
why do you say that - - i support cosmopolitanism , liberty , human rights ... 
what about the consistent life ethic policy ? 
... i'm considering alternatives , but haven't looked into it a lot ... 
you have some very attractive people there ! 
happy birthday to her ! 
the response would be " we weren't founded on islamic values , but judeo-christian ones . " ... 
i know we haven't talked in a while , but thank you for talking to me & allowing me to follow you , & for following me ; appreciated 
" where there is love , there is bound to be heartbreak . " ( " 40 laws of love : a novel of rumi " ) . #purityculturetaughtme nothing of this . 
... i believe we need both paradigms ! 
" : !LINK! " [ un ] common sense ! #humanrightsmatter ! 
isn't that choice the cornerstone of liberty and #humanrights ? the right to not just survive but thrive . 
the 3rd season of coffee break french gives a good explanation of the subjunctive ( episode 16 ) 
it does seem that power / privilege benefits some more than others . it seems that the poor get hurt by patriarchy . 
like an old follower ' s bio said , " kafir , kafir kende ne " , punjabi for " they call me kafir " ( infidel , heathen ) 
and they turn around and claim said women are victims of misogyny 
doesn't pakistan refuse to recognize ahmadis as muslims ? 
thank you for interacting with me and allowing me to follow you ; for following me . i appreciate it ! you're my earliest follower . 
if dr . king's strength to love is full of biblical quotes and allusions . 
i don't know your opinion on nonchristian religions ; but i have a link in my tl to the 40 rules of love by shams of tabriz ... 
the extreme alarm with solving math problems doesn't work for me ; i go back to sleep ... 
btw , the first part of the refrain is the translation of my profile : 
with christmas approaching , christians not upset over #starbucksredcup will be more mindful of kindness ... 
ability to travel the world , to live an unconventional life . #wealthandabundance 
you mean they're more in line with kaiser wilhelm than the heart of god ? ... 
geography is not their strong point - - it's outside ' murica , so it's not on their radar . 
just think of the southern hemisphere , where it's spring . 
marvelous line : " humans deserve human rights " ; something i consider very important . line about non sequitors funny 
he says things people would consider offensive . 
just read your article on unemployment and race - - i read in encarta africana in cape verde racial perception is tied to status + 
father michael denk's blog : giving thanks !LINK! 
in other words , if someone is shy , don't stare ! ? 
+ someone also told me that he says men are warriors . i'd rather protest a war in a foreign capital than fight one ... 
earlier this week i was worn out from bumping heads with a couple of other twitter users ( long story ) 
like by trivializing rape ? 
interesting how that is almost always an anti-muslim slam ! a few of my followers are muslims ... 
i haven't been tested on this yet . 
well since feminism is the idea that women are equal and should enjoy the same rights as men ... 
she argued with for 2 he's over " we are stronger " on tuesday and critiqued it on her blog ... 
28 beautiful words the english language should steal !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] i love this 
... according to the richer sex , men are less commitment-phobic than is assumed . for the sake of men & women , i tweet this . 
yeah , people do have the right to be immature , irrational , and closedminded . that doesn't make it right . 
they don't provide abortions ; but they don't shame those who make that choice . 
i didn't grow up qf . actually the pastor threw a party for a young woman who got pregnant out of wedlock ... 
happy thanksgiving to you as well ! 
#intpproblems being called a bully for promoting #rationality , #tolerance , #openmindedness 
... i just don't want to offer " help " that makes things worse ! if i'm doing that , i'm so sorry ! 
as much we champion " purity " where are our minds ? 
... with all the persecution complexes . 
don't sunnis call themselves " sunni " & shia , " shia " but are considered muslim ? 
just shake the clothes & a ) touch spider w / the sole of your shoe ... 
isn't ganesh the one with an elephant head that hindus teach removes obstacles ? 
thank you for letting me follow you , for replying to my tweets , for the favorites ; i really appreciate it ! 
i got a number of muslim followers ( some are ahmadi ) . the ahmadi motto is , " love for all ; hate for none . " ... 
+ a few of my muslim followers are ahmadi , whose motto is " love for all ; hate for none . " 
... so sorry ; seems as though #purityculturetaughme all men are pigs & set men & women against each other ... 
great post on abortion ! basically , precisely the reason i'm prolife ! however , i'm honored that prolifers & choices follow me . 
+ one is evangelical . they are patriarchy-hurts-men-too 
... by saying claiming he's following god's word , thus the legal definition of abuse is irrelevant . 
i don't see how the guy is being a prick - - what's wrong with not liking being bossed around ? ... 
" : this is very apt here . !LINK! " #modestyculture #purityculture 
welcome 
that is where the difference is : what makes gender . 
+ she talks about other things as well ; her kids , life ; don't feel like an outcast as a christian . 
... and didn't like the idea of my reading their tl ! just kidding about being creepy . 
if you need a discussion point , check out the article i rtd earlier on #kimdavis ; interesting discussion . 
how did the lds feel about cussing ? 
... i ' m mixed white and black , with some native ancestry ( and fair skin , see pics ) . it seems i'm viewed as white in public ... 
i've looked a little into visas 
what does your bio say ? 
those men certainly do consent to fatherhood . i've noticed people do say that , but mostly direct it to blacks ... 
i've only blocked 3 users since i got my account in april - - 2 of them i can't remember who they are ... 
6 things anne lamott taught me about life & writing — cher hale !LINK! i just read this ; hope it helps 
so no one else is a ) able to issue the license or b ) is prohibited from issuing the licenses 
sometimes people mixed black and white face double rejection ( for me , that wasn't the case , but i've heard of it ) 
for me the capacity for reason , mbti type , and thirst for knowledge cross ethnic lines ... 
a friend described this as a " no-fly zone " ! 
so sorry about all you went through . 
i heard a view that we all are equally sinners but not all sins are equal sins ! ! what do you think ? 
skepticism , riddling the faith of yesterday , prepares the faith of tomorrow . romain rolland ( 1866-1944 ) 
check out , they tell from a nonsectarian perspective . 
an example of what they demand of muslims ! beautiful act ! 
persecution level 3 is " preferential " treatment of muslims 
thus , religion doesn't take away my free thought . as an atheist follower said , " 40,000 sects and all think they're right " + 
thank you for your willingness to talk to me & let me follow you , & for following me . i really appreciate it . 
... i'm @ barnes & noble ; i saw the book pictured below . if this is unhelpful i'm terribly sorry ! ... 
as an amateur scholar , could you please send me the link on that . 
from a christian : thank you ! i think people get offended too easily ( pardon the political incorrectness ) ... 
absolutely not ! 
my great-grandma was good with science but her family wouldn't let her pursue it ! now , it's 2015 ; get out of the dark ages guys 
i couldn't agree more . 
elif shafak !LINK! usa is similar 
humans are not goods ; women are human ; women are not goods . 
here's a description . i think she has good points on some things , but i think she's mistaken on others . 
referring to when muslims can determine who's muslim or not . ( the ayah i quoted earlier . ) 
i think that's right about usa ! definitely sj ; extroversion is pushed over introversion . which is infp ? 
so true . #consistentlifeethic 
translation of last rt : humans learn through teaching . ( seneca ) 
welcome ! 
doesn't that fit with some interpretations of revelation ? 
maybe it's necessary as a venting , similar to the flying spaghetti monster by those raised in strict religious homes ... 
tell him he can talk to all kinds of diverse people . 
i have a march birthday as well ! 
... he talks about rationality and critically analyzes religious rules ( possibly intp ) . 
are you a patriarchy-hurts-men-too feminist or a feminism-is-only-about-ending-female-oppression feminist ? ... 
i liked the story of his meeting unarmed the egyptian sultan ( at the time of the crusades ); great story esp for our era . 
where i am winters can be - 20 ° c & summers 34 ° c 
happy b-day to her ! 
welcome 
i agree - - that's one thing both the left and the right don't seem to get ... 
this thread is thought provoking . i personally made an abstinence decision for a number of reasons ... 
... that crowd also points out the treatment of blacks , native americans , and others in support of their view . 
i read an article on travel & social privilege ( link in my tl ) . do you think it can be applied to male privilege ... 
" : to love is ... !LINK! " does anyone have any comments on this ? 
no . 
i was not driving when i took the picture i sent . lol 
welcome ; being true to one's principles is the way to integrity 
... i've interacted with pakistanis interested in peace . 
i don't remember a lot of hell threats until my teen years , though i knew of it before ... 
even if you just do the absolute minimum required by law ? 
... after all , #modestyculture doesn't regulate this or really recognize it 
... a one winged bird can't fly . " 
i couldn't put it down ! loved it ! 5 - stars 
the talmud ( eruvin 100b ) understands prov 19:2 as forbidding spousal rape ... 
... closed the door to jewish refugees from germany for fear they supported hitler . 
main calvinism text : i will have mercy on whom i choose . main anticalvinism : god wills that all men be saved . 
happy birthday ! 
i cannot agree with you more on the message the girls got being demeaning to guys & girls ! so tired of all-men-are-pigs ! ... 
wow ; also they don't like " i stand with x " b / c not everyone can stand ! ... 
don't they think adam and the archangel michael were one and the same ? 
messed up , isn't it ? seems like many #thingsjesusneversaid 
... for secular tv . 
sad that the radicals seem to always have the bullhorn ( like isis and the westboro baptist church ) 
pardon the " not all " ; just pointing out the cognitive dissonance . btw , i am christian , so i'm not " hating on jesus " ( tm ) 
read siddhartha by hermann hesse instead . #intpadvice 
the holocaust and black lives matters | !LINK! i find this useful for other victims : #kurds , #dalits , #ahmadis 
when people realize that arab and muslim are not synonyms . 
same with churches , synagogues , temples , and gurdwaras 
concerning your bio , makes me think of another follower whose bio includes , " kafir kafir kende ne " ... 
notice almost always claims of his being muslim are used negatively - - is this anti-muslim bigotry ? 
a lady at church heard that and gets all freaked out over it . 
... since panem ( the setting ) is the #latin word for " bread " ( acc case ) . in addition to its use in the lord's prayer ... 
#thingsjesusneversaid go around with signs that say , " god hates f * * s " 
welcome - - it reminded me of a book i flipped through a decade ago in borders , " god's politics by jim willis 
i couldn't agree more ! 
this is also useful in how not to be a troll . 
welcome 
... it forces people into cookie cutter molds based on their body parts . also , it commits the no true scotsman fallacy 
i guess you won't get blockbotlisted , then ! you might if you argue with vanguard vivian . :-) 
love this thread ! never married , but if i had a dollar for every time someone said marriage is hard ... 
i can relate to your post . i , too , grew up in an environment restrictive & ambiguous towards dating ... 
for me i want both ( part of the reason i chose abstinence ) . weird , men are expected to be sexual ... 
i have a quran on my phone as well 
everything is useful for something . tacitus 
all this does is confirm for atheists their suspicions that religion poisons everything ... 
i have them as well 
" : " i disapprove of what you say , but i will defend to the death your right to say it " " this instead of #politicalcorrectness 
yeah , in the great lakes region , they say , " if you don't like the weather , wait a few hours " ... 
i tweeted against it earlier ( using hash tags and all ) . wonder if i'm blocked as well 
welcome . however , many muslims consider ahmadis heretics ( i don't know why . ) they face persecution in many countries . 
... i wish them " eid mubarak ! " at muslim holidays . a few are ahmadis ( a persecuted sect ) ... 
... this is how ( in bono's words ) we find what we're looking for . 
awesome ! leider spreche ich nur ein bisschen deutsch ! 
... thus , critiquing fgm is not racist , b / c we critique barbarities wherever & whenever they occur ( or at least should ) . 
some are brainwashed by traditional gender roles to talk about their hurts . some may fear accusations of trolling or 1 - uping 
... actually , i have jews , muslims , & atheists following me in addition to christians ... 
did you take pictures of your posts & are you gonna post a pic of your blocking ? 
some of these people block people who are tweeting under hash tags they don't like 
nerds rule ! ! ! 
+ the lady ( dianna e . anderson ) also wrote a post on her blog on why the song is problematic . your post reminds me of the song + 
originally published 1922 ( eng trans 1951 ) , it's about a young man's lifelong quest to discover himself in buddha's time ... 
... but for blacks , there's the old one drop rule . fortunately i never faced the double rejection . 
remembering those lost 14 years ago this day . 
... i'm a christian ; i'm wondering how , in light of that ayah , you can say who's muslim or not . 
i've seen tweets dismissing non pc speech as entitlement and bigotry ( #adhominem ) 
and , since they're using christianity , shouldn't it be jesus first ? 
i also read the headscarf religious freedom link . another thing on others ' freedoms : a sign xians are singled out ! 
" take this pledge to be an adult " ? - - isn't that a no true scotsman ? 
... a cookie-cutter mold ! 
absolutely ! funny that a lot of times it's the women ( or feminists ) standing up for us , that we're not pigs ! tt ! 
eid mubarak from a christian ! 
kind of like this ? 
... i can respect people's choices to live differently . 
me too ! actually , we can now ; road trip to boston ? 
in her book malestrom critiques that view 
i've heard bju has a bad ranking @ / danileekelley went there ( she's now an atheist ) 
i believe , help my unbelief - - jesus did ! i really like the l'engle quote 
i think he overestimates how many feminist are lesbians - - i've read some of their stuff ; mostly straight or bi ... 
... when a friend told me he encouraged boys to be in sports , i joked i should tell him , " nerds rule ! " ( i'm more of a nerd + 
yep , sometimes due to the hashtags you tweet under 
#ahmadilivesmatter 
so true ; i recognize this applies to me as a christian ; praise god allowing me to see ! 
that's good - - i only need one that i will team up and share my life with . not wise to rush into that w / strangers . 
... namely , that censorship opens a pandora's box ; that protecting hate speech protects all speech + 
gospel charity by john owen !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] 
now if someone responded lime this with teaching christianity , they'd be crying about persecution & christians being singled out ! 
#youknowsummersoverwhen you regret not wearing a jacket and turn on the heat in your vehicle . 
yeah , and they have a bunch of air conditioned tents ! 
i guess being 30 and having never dated will make one more appreciative of a gf / wife when he gets one . 
god keep you safe ! ! 
... it seems to me that libertarianism is the best model to allow growth but tolerate difference . 
" : big questions unanswered leads to atheism !LINK! " what do you think ? 
happy guy fawkes day ! 
i'm not indonesian and do not speak the language . the song was written in response to a terrorist attack in bali 
... even john the baptist said ( ironically , to the religious folk ) , " show me the fruit of your repentance " . 
interesting thought on identity politics - - esp since identities ( like race ) are nonbinary social constructs ... 
the rabbinic understanding of ex . 21:10 teaches it's the husband's duty to make sure his wife's needs are met here ... 
similar to blacks who object to other black people using the " n " word ? 
i just quoted a tweet w / a link to an article on doubt , w / suggested resources . 
welcome 
... she doesn't want to hear from me . ) i think i get the message . 
concerning the " privilege " comments , i've posted a few links presenting a different perspective . 
i disagree with you on god's existence , but i love the fact you don't care about political correctness . 
i recommend wearing loafers tomorrow - - 1 ) more comfortable ; 2 ) still look nice ; 3 ) safer to drive in ; 4 ) no bribery needed ! 
i've read christians tend to be less knowledgeable of the bible than many atheists . 
that is , i get to hear all the persecution cries . 
same thing that shannon and kelley said . #endthestigma 
" : don't waste your doubt : finding deeper faith on the other side !LINK! " i can relate to this ! 
so true , consider #starbucksredcup . or , whether usa is christian or not . 
gee kettle for a while he had a reality show , " the apprentice " in which he made , " you're fired ! " a household phrase ... 
... but i got other anti-education messages ( due to church kids leaving during college ) ... 
i heard that line about dating too * laughs * how they expected anyone to have relationships , idk 
in fact , like the article said , wisdom is , in fact , the goal . 
... there are a few other links on expanding the pie . guillebeau speaks from a secular view ; kniss is a mennonite preacher 
one way skeptics are accused of arrogance is by an argument by popularity ... 
shume mire 
it's your twitter ; they can just go on w / their twitter and leave you alone . ( like the old song says ) 
... which predates the kjv and was used by the puritans and pilgrims . i downloaded the vulgate to my phone and learned the lord's prayer ... 
in usa , anyone with black ancestors is " black " , but the lighter the skin , the less likely they are to face racism ... 
kinda like the resistance-strengthens-it theory ? 
since people see this as a continuation of the crusades , i share st . francis's prayer ( from that time ): 
preach it ! a coworker actually assumed the male models on the price is right are unmanly and / or gay ... 
+ i may think it , but like the verse i quoted , " we prophesy in part " . even people in ... 
the 2nd part 
as my bio says , " que sais-je ? " , " what do i know " ( montaigne ) . socrates knew the wise are those who know their ignorance 
by even trying to move towards marriage i'll have to push it . 
instruments of peace 
my personality type is explorer / director . find out yours ! !LINK! via 
really like your blog ; i just read a number of posts . 
it shows just how deep the wounds are ! just how desperately we need healing ! 
however , check out 1 cor . 13:9- 12 ( to support ); for abortion , there are crisis centers helping women w / o abortion + 
you can't make overgeneralizations : we are all individuals ; maybe each of us is smart in their own way ! 
a christian's favorite ayah from the quran . " blessed are the peacemakers , for they shall be called the children of god . " ( mt 5:9 ) 
it's sad the state i currently live in ( ohio ) has jumped on the " no refugee " bandwagon ! :( 
eid mubarak 
o . k . 
and don't forget the 11th commandment : thou shalt not flirt , lest ye develop an unhealthy / ungodly soul tie ! 
" : yes ! diamonds are a sham and it's about time we stop getting engaged with them - !LINK! " to nonconformity ! 
uh , that is exactly my point ! 
+ hate to none . i give people the benefit of the doubt & work with them as long as they're willing to work with me . 
all i can say is i have a good relationship with my dad ; but i never lived with him . i'm egalitarian . 
i'm more into christus victor working with moral influence . also think the orthodox church has a good point . 
not big enough to survive the sole if your shoe , though . i think i'm sending this to a friend who likes to play with spiders 
love the last sentence . as the old saying goes , " the heart cannot be totally right if the head is totally wrong " ... 
marvelous bio - - so true ; all of it ! check out ; his blog promotes similar ideas . 
i got into a debate with a there-is-no-bad-reason-to-block dude . he said " due to disagreement ? so what ? don't be a bully . " ... 
yep - - in line with my values . personally as cis i don't understand it , but since it doesn't hurt anyone ... 
the ultimate choice given to man , in as much as it is given to transcend himself , is to create or destroy ; to love or hate + 
i read the article on harassment . is a positive , enthusiastic response to a compliment a sign you're not creepy ? 
there's a hashtag #purityculturetaughtme and a book damaged goods . i was wondering how islam would answer the questions raised ... 
awesome bio - - especially quitting your job to travel the world & write ! 
what do you think of the " expanding the pie " concept ? ( i have a few links in my tl ) 
... i'll avoid ending sentences with prepositions 
so sorry ! :( 
great idea ! 
no . for the first one i listened to reasonable doubts's review ... 
... but it lists a lot of great people ( like nonprophetess ) 
+ i told her my story . i decided to seek forgiveness , through tweets & email . after submitting a story to tumblir 
... for myself personally , i would read theology , but that's my personality . my 2 ¢ worth ! 
... also , check out ' s thread on the refugee process from yesterday . 
yeah ; maybe b / c my mom is good in math / science , i was in my 20 ' s before hearing the stereotypes & was shocked . 
from following you i want to help but don't know how . i don't know if reading books will help , which ones you've read ... 
this is awesome ! 
greetings fellow libertarian ! i fear you've been spying on me with your pc line ! :-) pc = the cure's worse than the disease ! 
belated shanah tovah ! may you be sealed for a good year ! 
i think that's what is meant by the honor / respect line i tweeted 
prodigal son . seems like a lot of people are more like the elder brother and the pharisees than jesus . 
amen to that ! 
due to the fact i haven't been around women a lot ( except my mom & grandma ) , i'll be alert to this ... 
wonderful post ! 
martin luther king , jr . : a complete life | blogher !LINK! i love this - - read the sermon ; it is amazing ! 
' biblical worldview ' : a case study in self-fulfilling prophecies !LINK! via 
kinda like the old president of iran @ columbia university ? 
#thingsjesusneversaid : go ye into the world and kill people in my name . 
my mom bust that myth for me ( thanks , mom ) . 
welcome 
welcome to blockbotland ; we are black , white ; christian , atheist , muslim ( even feminists are on this list ) 
... " there is one mediator between god and men , the man jesus christ . " 
in fact , it impedes the struggle for justice 
a description of her . 
one lady criticized another for commenting on a 3 month old tweet 
did you read the article on the abusive camp ? 
water 
i'm so sorry about what you had to go through with the professor . :( 
that was when i was 16 & homeschooled . 
#istandwithahmadis as a christian . not being muslim i may be less qualified to make judgments on who's muslim , but i plead for tolerance . 
tragically , so many people use religion to oppress women ! ( it's a problem in christianity as well . ) 
with all these , sounds like an ad hominem to me ! also , in response to this , they'd ( rightly ) critique abuses among muslims + 
... however , i also have a right to critique , and that's coming ! p . s . , i'm part african american . 
i just bought it on kindle ; description sounds interesting ! 
also , my " t " only slightly dominates my " f " ; i think rationality and diplomacy ideally go hand in hand 
i first heard this from my mother . 
a coworker played thor on his iphone a few years ago in between jobs ( neither of us were driving . :) ) 
... the book is by dianna e . anderson , a blogger . please don't use my username if you engage her ; she doesn't want to hear from me ! 
bad-a * * tornado sorry to reply to such an old tweet 
great post ! god made us each individuals ; there is no cookie cutter model ! 
we have this convo on #internationalmensday ! for a less " bro " version of " real men " , the song " real men cry " ( elms ) ! 
that's fine - - for me , i don't mind ( that's one of the reasons i'm here ) ... 
i say whatever violates others ' rights or incites to such violation . ( like mills's denouncing corn farmers outside ... 
judgmental evaluator 
good point ; that's part of why i'm not a fan of either side - - they do what they criticize the other side for ! 
shams was a mentor to the poet rumi 
if it were quebec , i'd volunteer to practice my french ; er , i mean , be an interpreter . 
i see in your bio you're in the uk , which way do they lean ? 
#ahmadiyya muslims were the first to get the quran to african american converts to islam . 
... i'm not willing to give up being me either . i'm sometimes angry over never having had a gf as well 
thank you and you as well ! 
like books too ; right now reading 40 laws of love : a novel of rumi ( elif shafak ) so far liking it . 
you mean like the french saying : < < c'est le ton qui fait la musique . > > ; it's the tone that makes the music . 
even if others get a burr under their saddles , i find your article enlightening . #istandwithahmadis 
that's definitely me 
... she saw misogyny . i say #déformationprofessionelle 
pro-free speech , awesome ! ! ! anti-dogmatism , thank you ! ( hence the " que sais-je ? ( fr , " what do i know ? " in my bio . ) 
finding a place you fit is one of the best things you can do for the world ! ... 
i really dislike blocking people , but i blocked her out of respect for you . 
put their names / pics on your shoe soles , your car pedals , your ottomans ; thus you can perpetually trample them ! 
free speech ! free choice of religion ! 
welcome 
universalism specifically means everyone eventually will be saved 
does that mean my profile pic will get flattened , due to our previous discussion ? :-) 
put their names & faces on your shoe soles , your car pedals , your ottomans - - thus you can perpetually trample them ! 
so good thing i joined twitter , not facebook ? 
i guess a lot of them miss the practicality - - the " why " that gives you direction , that can revolutionize your daily life . #intp 
after a busy morning i lay down c 1 & slept until 5 
... being of mixed race . some talk of white passing privilege ( which i have ) ... 
yeah , they mostly name-call , defame , and troll . 
love your post . i find the idea of a man just getting his pleasure but not caring about his wife crude ... 
thank you 
so true . 
and , let me guess , not just be a nice guy ( tm ) . 
... put in the username to see if someone is blocked . 
love the " doubt-filled believer " line in your bio - - i can so relate ! 
being mixed race , i appreciate whites shunning racism . thank you . 
... but i believe there's a place for force , but few places ) . when i heard of women who outearn their sos , i cheered ... 
do you think intps are less likely than other types to care about being politically correct ( due to social rebellion ) ? 
my condolences 
yeah ; my last crush blocked me . ( i only realized i like her after the block ! ) i find it hard to meet people . 
the whole , i'll be your friend but go mia if you don't convert " ? 
i ’ m sorry i hated you !LINK! 
... i also like your critique of the role of male pursuer : i find female aggression attractive ! i'm also timid w / women ... 
you're coming off as smug & sanctimonious , not her ! ( check acts 10 & 15 ) 
they're in my tl 
pardon my strutting my sect , but evangelical feminists ... 
you're not selfish - - it's human to seek others ' love and care . 
... e . g . , many pentecostals allow women to preach but when it comes to the home seem more complementarian ... 
you mean like the hijab lady a disney ? 
... i found this interesting and the themes universal . one of hussain's companions was christian . 
welcome 
under his logic , women would have to wear burqas ! but then , they'd all cry , " terrorist ! terrorist ! " 
+ her critique is on her blog . i am interested in the ahmadi perspective on race , white privilege , justice , etc . 
sorry to comment on such an old post , but here's my 2 ¢ worth : even if a woman wears a burka , some men will lust after her 
check out this link i quoted on a cleric explaining the saudi ban on female driving ; just unbelievable 
interesting ; considering buying it ! 
that's what this icon is for : :-) 
they say they blockbot for cruelty ( btw , you're not entitled to an explanation ... 
a quote from a year of biblical womanhood by . i personally attest to what she says ! #judaism 
just wanted to indicate i got his position . 
same here , except for very extreme circumstances . 
she's said she doesn't believe in blocking only due to disagreement . 
i guess dihydrogen monoxide is ... water , aqua , eau , wasser , מים ( mayim ) 
i have the opposite experience : a push to be " dead in christ " ( gal . 2:20 ) beforehand , and to put it on the altar 
also , god made us all unique ; differing talents are distributed without regard to gender . that's the tweet able version 
lol ! one reason #politicalcorrectness isn't practical ! so true 
probably should be getting to bed myself ; but i got @ - ed someone who's probably gonna get blockbotted ... 
... it was a great article . concerning the purity one , i wanted to give a million stars to the gifts important than virginity ... 
yeah , i know people who see it as denying jesus and they get offended 
amen ! you should take an offering . :-) 
so true . i say the same for christians ( like myself ); we have persecution complexes . thank you for the tweets ! 
and they'd criticize islam when similar things go on in muslim countries 
john wesley and george whitfield had a fall out over this . 
i'm not offended by your atheism ( i just disagree ); evidently you're not offended by my theism . 
" : a lot of people out there need one ! !LINK! " i find this funny concerning #modestyculture / #purity culture ! 
i'm only a " little greek " . what you say is all greek to them . pardon the cheese ! :) 
sending good vibes sunset 
i read the pcc article . considering i was homeschooled w / their a beka curriculum & they advertised ... 
interesting point - - the people who set up apartheid in south africa were calvinists ... 
a venting on the part of the psalmist ; an honest sharing of the bitterness of a bad situation ... 
in theory , no ; in practice ... no comment . i guess wilson needs reminded there is no immunity from criticism . 
even ingrid matheson from an islamic organization says he's not a muslim . 
also , happy thanksgiving ! 
i have advice for angry moments ( like in the one post ): write their names on your shoe soles , car pedals , any ottomans you have 
that happened to me ( not from the ones in this convo ) . a lady blocked me ; later , i was unable to follow her friends 
welcome 
as a christian , some fundamentalists fear feminism as anti-god , that it's part of society getting away from biblical values , etc . 
even if you believe in abstinence , if you oppose abortion , wouldn't it be better to allow birth control as a " 2nd best " ... 
article 3 of #udhr ! 
at least arguing in a foreign language is more 
... also , despite the cliches on god's judgment , abraham prayed for them . 
why not ? 
are you a patriarchy-hurts-men-too feminist or feminism-is-only-about-ending-female-oppression feminist ? 
account locked ! 
just read your series on biblical [ tm ] counseling ; seems they miss this , summarizing jesus ' mission : 
... thank you for your contribution to seeing things from a woman's perspective ( being male i can only do so much ) ... 
... also , the catholic church banned marital rape in 1215 . in this area , some evangelicals ... 
i like it ! 
seems as though they love ad hominem attacks . 
my mom will cheer you on - - so will i ! 
... fear from examining opposing views 
thus leaving blind spots , the probability of groupthink and its consequences . 
welcome 
... or w / someone incompatible . pardon my long rant ; i do appreciate your taking us guys into consideration ... 
part of it is reading usa into ancient israel , forgetting acts 10 & 15 , which reject nationalism / ethnocentrism 
i don't know - - ask and / or - - he is knowledgeable on these things . btw , i'm intp & 5w4 
be careful talking to me criticizing pc - - lest you get blockbotlisted ! 
considering the debate the other day , i'd like to say i love the song " we are stronger " ... 
... publicly say my disagreement and to promote #reason , #tolerance , & #openmindedness ... 
how about " 5 reasons i want the next woman i kiss to be my wife " ? btw , i am a millennial xian , & just bucked him . 
very inspiring ! 
the convo i commented in wasn't old 
i understand they want to end the stigma against the mentally handicap , but this splits hair's ! 
... their school ( c 2002 ) , i was stunned . i didn't go for 2 reasons : 1 ) i ' m charismatic ( they oppose that ) ... 
" : if i love myself i love you . if i love you i love myself . " not how we'd think in our society , but true . 
translation of rt : the best way to work well is to love what you do . steve jobs 
it seems that's a problem on both sides of the aisle . 
... now anabaptism is one of christianity's most consistently pacifist sects ... 
and very nice ( based on my interactions with her ) . 
welcome 
yes . if you contact ms . anderson , please don't use my username ; she blocked me & made it clear she doesn't wanna hear from me ! 
... regardless of how same sex relationships are viewed . 
" : !LINK! " because life is too short to live someone else's ! 
eid mubarak 
... they feel that blacks are particularly marginalized , so the latter slogan is demeaning ... 
+ they did not press homosexuality as a reason for the city's destruction . ) 
... since i recognize life is rough , i don't complain about it . i personally have to be very angry to cuss aloud . 
make clay images of them and tromp on the images ; thus , they'll have the tread design of your shoe on them ... 
... when i referred an atheist follower to an article of jory's , the atheist acknowledged the point . ( thousands of sects ... 
thank you . 
makes me think of " malestrom " ( ) . thanks to for the recommendation . 
... talking to atheists on twitter w / o preaching hellfire and brimstone preaching ... 
yep , it says , " we the people " , not " we the states " ; and " life , liberty , the pursuit of happiness . " 
i'll remember that 
... sometimes rebelling is necessary as a statement of autonomy . the problem is when these pi phrases stop the convo . 
thank you for letting me follow you and for favoriting my tweets - - i really appreciate it ! 
i'm a christian , but i'd be interested in your story . 
concerning the people who took down the old page , put their names on your shoe soles , car pedals , & ottomans 
messed up , isn't it . what eisenhower said decades ago remains true today . 
reading star wars psychology - - and liking it . well , maybe i should watch all the movies ! :-) 
that's complememtarianism ; egalitarianism says that roles are an individual thing . for more : cmbw ( comp ) and cbe ( egal ) ... 
fortunately for me , people allowed me to be introverted . ( if you're into mbti , i'm intp . ) being an only child helps . 
welcome 
make clay effigies of them and tromp all over the effigies ... 
what's your policy if your date wants to pray over his food ? 
so awesome you're passionate about human rights ! ! the #udhr preamble says it all 
... seem to do that less . ( i have a number of feminist followers + 
#thingsjesusneversaid most of the things listed in #purityculturetaughtme 
life and death in a troubled teen boot camp | rolling stone !LINK! a follower posted this . 
marry someone who let's me be myself , doesn't force me into cookie cutter molds 
a trail of blood is among the dire consequences of failure to heed this point ! 
... plus , your right to life ( not just breathing ) trumps religious freedom . 
beautiful stream ! being mixed race , raised by a black single mom , and having mostly white friends 
i remain christian - - growing up , no halloween but there was easter bunny and xmas trees 
sounds similar to the " n " word for black people . 
upon reading shams's 40 laws , it's striking the relevance to the 21st west ; tweeted a link earlier . happy seker bayrami ! 
born to travel , forced to work - - ditto ! 
... and not liking the actions of terrorists acting in the name of islam but loving muslim's . 
i'm a language geek ; which language is this ? 
schrödinger ’ s rapist | atheist revolution !LINK! i'm not an atheist , but i say , " let the discussion begin . " 
one incident i remember with modesty policing back in youth group was all the girls involved ... 
live so when your children think of fairness and integrity they think of you . h . jackson brown jr 
well , many fundamentalists think he's the false prophet , that the antichrist is an alien ... 
notice the double standard when it comes to islam 
i'm for truth , no matter who tells it ; i'm for justice , no matter whom it's for or against . malcolm x 
definitely 
... just like the racial debate seems to ignore those of us mixed white and black . 
libby anne from has a post on this , on which i've commented . 
btw , nonprophetess is a good follow ; all kinds of interesting discussion points . 
welcome 
same here 
... she said it was fine but wasn't thrilled about my reading her tl . 
" : are you saying i haven't studied , since i don't agree with you ? surely not . " 
yep ; loved it . i grew up in the purity movement , and left a comment on the video . 
a little pennsylvania dutch . ( mostly croatian & african-american . ) my great uncle moved to germany , so i have family there . 
+ that had to do with topics she discusses , she sent me an email calling me creepy & threatening to escalate .. 
great satire ! ! ! love it ! 
#youknowsummerisoverwhen the leaves turn to fiery colors , begging for pictures for twitter . 
... but men still don't necessarily benefit . too often we " one up " each other's pain instead of empathizing 
rambles about psychology - - how fascinating ! i'm a psychology buff who knows enough to be dangerous ! 
they've talked about this on unbelievable ? ( ) 
i can't even kill caterpillars - - too many stories of them when i was a kid . 
problem is jesus didn't buy , " tradition " ... 
based on a friend who works there , they do; they provide women with options , give supplies to those who keep their babies . 
the parable of the good muslim | revolutionary faith !LINK! i've thought of this myself , even wrote a short story . 
... my big fat greek wedding in the theater . for us , it was selectiveness ... 
that happens all too often ! the right wing does a lot of the same thing they complain of the left doing ! 
... a diverse range of people on twitter ( and am privileged people of a wide range of political & religious ... 
problem is those are #thingsjesusneversaid 
kinda demeaning to everyone , isn't it ? 
... i got a new follower by @ - ing someone who got blocked by disputing this . 
... many muslim antisemites actually use the old stereotypes that christians used . 
how introverts can change the world - !LINK! via 
lol ! ! ! she blocked me ; i trim to make peace ; she sent me a nasty email ... 
seems those expectations don't resonate with intps . 
a british lady tweeted me that although they're a monarchy most women there aren't looking for charming 
welcome 
these turks are making me hungry : !LINK! via 
if you still observe jewish holidays , a belated shanah tovah , and may you be sealed for a blessed year ! 
now the left sounds like the right , except for the rhetoric ! rightists : this is ' murica , so do as we do . 
thus , i say interesting view ! 
love the sagan quote in your bio 
i grew up mixed race at a white evangelical church ( in the words of dani kelley , whiteness was " bestowed " on me ) 
well , he did say , " follow me . " :) 
btw , just curious ; no attempt to hook up . considering i'm 30 , that sounds creepy to me . 
freedom of speech v political correctness | nonprophetess !LINK! great critique of #politicalcorrectness great points 
so true ! love the guy's attitude . 
if this is true , i guess it's to norway or france to me . ( my t slightly dominates my f ) . the nonconformity takes me to france . :) 
" : " 3 lies the church tells women " !LINK! !LINK! " spread the word ! 
čestitam ! now you can pursue the stuff at the top of the pyramid ! 
paperwork 
i can really appreciate that . the main reason i joined twitter is to get past us / them complexes + 
i totally agree with shannon 
... and how all this isn't biblical ( tm ) . i resisted the urge to say tm to him ( knowing it would offend him ) ... 
" no true scotsman " ( tm ) ! why do you reject ahmadis as muslims ? 
personally lean most towards libertarianism ; censorship is only to protect people from violence ... 
you guys will soon be joining me on vanguard vivian's blockbot list . welcome . 
the thing i like about auto-rotation is it's sometimes easier to read when held horizontally 
... but she didn't like my reading her tl . 
welcome 
same here 
+ i was wondering your thoughts on the old earth view , apart from disagreed over god " s existence . 
let's leave the cave ! ( sorry for commenting on such an old post ! :) ) 
a statistic i heard on roman catholics in usa : 60 % oppose abortion 30 % oppose birth control i'm not catholic though 
... also , now concern has extended to the issues facing women of color . 
i guess the point of objecting to the slogans is not to confirm right wing rhetoric but to fix the system ? 
in 2006 a prominent comedian said " it must have been bad sex " commenting on a norwegian guy filing a rape charge 
i agree . god bless you for speaking out on this - - a topic not brought up much in churches . 
i read the thread in which someone was arguing with one of your defamers ; made me think of something from a follower's bio + 
so true : " zeal without knowledge " ( rom . 10 ); stateside , the damage is all over twitter & the blogosphere . 
problem is , who gets to determine what's offensive ? isn't that inherently promoting privilege ? 
this is a wild guess , but based on what i'be read , i think shams of tabriz ( a rumi mentor ) was infj 
some people accuse the younger generation of not knowing what courtesy is . 
* singing * " i never wanna see a day above 40 ° ; i'd rather it be 30 , 20 , 10 , 5 - - let it freeze ! " that sums it up ! 
amen ! also , 1 tim 4:3 b - 5 
same here ! 
" : aren ’ t the poor comparatively rich ? the fallacy of faulty comparison !LINK! by " finally ! 
... i find that ironic - - and amusing ! :-) 
+ since many fundamentalists see it as denying jesus as the only way to god . 
this idea is also put forth on nonprophetess . com ( an atheist blog ) 
" : #christianophobia !LINK! " what do you think of this ? 
as someone of mixed race , it's wonderful that so many whites are tweeting under #speakersofcolor ! i think this helps with #reconciliation 
... that thinking for oneself is offensive to many people . 
my coworker who makes comments on what real men ( tm ) should do is also highly emotional . last time he did it , i said , " tm " 
... also says , concerning nontraditional models , that women want real men ( tm ); however , he's highly sheltered and a bit of ... 
yes 
now that i think of it , that makes sense 
absolutely not ! i feel the same way . it's just introversion . check out and their site . 
uh , i meant ty ( thank you ) - - spell check ! 
i guess no singing " these boots were made for walking " to the moth . 
is this better ? 
i've done that - - well , usually not in a row ; but i do frequently wear the same outfit multiple times . 
i really liked the way shams treated desert rose . actually his acting w / o self-righteousness ... 
i wonder if , online , that may be mistaken for trolling . ( even many take disclaimers as evidence of what you're disclaiming ) + 
... i'm probably overreacting to my upbringing , in which rebellion was a " high crime " ... 
six ways i will never stop being evangelical !LINK! love the parts on worldliness & evangelism ! 
absolutely not ! i often ponder on philosophical questions . ( i'm sure that's part of being #intp ) 
i guess it's like the old saying , " everyone is prejudiced to some degree . " 
" : i love when people celebrate differences . wish it would apply to more than fiction . #xmenmarathon " this helps us all grow ! 
btw , an early chag sameach ! 
thank you 
i'm moving away from penal substitution myself . the orthodox church has an interesting view ... 
that line about no refuge for christians is total bs . 
... lest it go forth and consume us all ! interesting that both evangelist ray comfort & richard dawkins are blockbotted ! 
... i submitted to tumblir my mixed race experience ( since she said to listen to minority voices ) ... 
... and all those " isms " go against personal liberty . maybe being mixed means it's harder to be accused of racism . :-) 
great job on being who you were made to be ! no one should be forced into cookie cutter molds ! ... 
* grabs paper bag * 
3 kinds of evangelicals ( whether they want that label or not ) | zach j . hoag !LINK! i find this fascinating . 
no counseling , but with the lack of dates , i feel you're spying on me ! :( i'm 30 and never had a gf 
no 
" : life is about balance ... !LINK! " so good ! ! ! 
if it exists i don't subscribe . but of all of us except jonathan are on vanguard vivian's list + 
i just read your story on homeschoolers anonymous - - i'm glad you were able to go to school ! ... 
well , he loves star trek & star wars . 
as it is written , " speak the truth in love . " 
interesting how they jump to conclusions , like the guy who irl would be shouting in a bullhorn and waving a bible 
it's from a song by dewa 19 the translation is the 1st part of the refrain ... 
translation of rt : the church condemned marital rape in ... 1215 ; the [ french ] republic ... in 1990 . #feminism 
#latinlanguage vivere est cogitare living is thinking cicero 
seems like , despite claims to take the bible for what it says , concerning biblical ( wo ) manhood ( tm ) they get sloppy . 
i generally use preferred pronouns . 
can't believe he thinks you're a troll ! but then again , he probably didn't do his homework . 
#youknowyourealibertarianwhen you identify as politically incorrect to critique the right wing as well as the left wing . 
i've only done very little mandarin . i'm a language geek ; i know french the most , then spanish ... 
" : take the quiz ! !LINK! !LINK! " this is amusing 
a touching story is we are all the same by jim wooten , about xolani nkosi johnson , born hiv + in south africa . ( sad ending ) 
i shared a link earlier mentioning " worldliness " as clinging to the benefits of privilege @ other's expense 
lol ! even in evangelical playland there are people who make fun of those ideas ( even in the same church . ) 
i only picked up stuff from my twitter feed ; gonna read or do languages . 
also , as the " " que sais-je ? " ( what do i know ? ) in my bio implies , humility is needed . 
me too 
eve may have been duped , but adam totally rebelled . he was a more than willing party . ( rom . 5 ) 
remember : courtesy is a social construct ! e . g . , in france burping is a compliment ( rude in usa ) 
... i will not dismiss them as a bunch of know-it-alls before weighing the evidence . ( 3 ) 
... threatening to escalate the situation if i kept trying to contact her , saying not to comment in any convos she's a part of + 
yeah , the fe has me refrain from talking about certain things . 
... the hashtag was started by ( damaged goods ) . her book is more liberal , but recommended 
... the reason is that whites always used it as a slur but among blacks , we know it doesn't have that connotation . 
so , first nonvirginal women are demeaned ; next , you demean the poor ; who's next ? 
eid mubarak 
i got this from a pakistani . 
when you're on twitter next , please rt a retweet concerning a missing person . thank you in advance . 
it's been a while since we tweeted , but i want to thank you for your willingness to interact with me . much appreciated . 
... in fact , everyone wins when people can be who they were made to be ! 
" : belief in god and reason !LINK! " what do you all think ? 
#thingsjesusneversaid thou shalt not date 
me too ; less than a mile ! 
thus the veil ban in a number of european countries won't fly ? 
... are there any resources you'd recommend ? 
is there anything in reading this you wanted to scream to virginal guys to know ? 
welcome 
yep ; like when your ti offends and the feels kick in . :( love it 
check out the podcast coffee break spanish , the site study spanish , & the podcast spanish by choice . 
i wonder if that's tongue in cheek ; isn't a ph of 7 neutral ? 
the voice of reason ! ! 
to you as well 
i mean , happy kurban bayrami ! :) 
notice how she complained about jumping in her tl after jumping in someone else's . 
... wouldn't that mean no one can be treated ? especially since the little girl has nothing to do with it ... 
my beard says i'm busy and spend too much time tweeting or reading to shave it . 
... i , at 30 , never had a gf & am timid in talking to women . sorry about the assault you mentioned ... 
... an interesting reversal of the complementarian drum . 
good old fashioned common sense ! 
enjoyed your post on egalitarianism ; very inspiring ! 
i never endorsed harassment ( hence the straw man hashtag ) . i agree with voltaire : i'll defend your right to do what i ... 
to confess my sins to some i know are atheists : yes , i'm poking fun at them . 
it was probably a red flag when she accused me of commenting in a private convo in her thread . i apologized ... 
i haven't talked to you in a while , but thank you for interacting w / me & allowing me to follow you & following me . appreciated 
recently finished devoted ; couldn't put it down ! 
sorry to hear - - have a good holiday anyway ! 
how do you feel about the bible or christianity , as opposed to the quran and islam ? 
welcome 
* singing * : " istanbul , not constantinople ; now it's istanbul not constantinople ... " 
... some of them now support davis and cry , " persecution ! " can we just have clerks listed as to their stance ... 
never said they didn't ; i only advocated #openmindedness and #rationality ; that blocking due to disagreement is closedminded & irrational + 
do you mean a collective subconscious ? 
short trip first 
excellent point ; sharing with irl friends 
or until someone rocks the boat 
i saw your post on turkey ; onu seviyorum ( i love it ) . also , happy thanksgiving ! 
namely , you need to seek out god for yourself 
lying to children is not a “ joke !LINK! i'm not a parent , but modeling integrity is so important ! ” 
my state has said " no " as well - - i almost never contact my reps , but in this case i'm strongly considering it . 
b / c if you don't stand up for yourself , chances are you won't stand up for anyone else ! 
i wonder if that makes intps more likely to be mistaken for racists , misogynists , or other bigots ? 
... put on smiles , and said , " no , no ; all is fine . " * to church * : " smile for the camera . " 
in other words , sexism will die harder than feudalism or divine right ? 
... i found your posts informative , though . since men & women didn't interact & i was around men ( having no siblings ) ... 
religious ; then more of us who are religious would heed passages about loving our neighbors and promoting justice ... 
basically the feeling among lgbtq is being on the defensive ; that they don't want to take away anyone's religion ... 
thus notre dame doesn't have to invite planned parenthood & columbia the military 
appalling how they marginalize muslims ! 
if someone is annoyed by that , they need to chill . 
... their most * precious * ( said in filling voice ) are offensive to someone else . 
hussain even has the respect of non-muslim scholars . i've done reading on him , knowing ashura is about here . 
very informative ; i took the time to read many comments ( some were helpful ) 
oh yea ! i love smashing the left / right paradigm illusions - - same crap , different flavor 
add " subscribe to the vanguard vivian block list " - - i'm in blockbotland as well . :-) 
and made things harder for the shy or timid guys 
... one guy who may make comments just has poor critical thinking skills : he listens to certain media ... 
i was referring to germany . 
some people think an open book means , " leave me alone " 
what about funding to women's centers that do not provide abortions ? 
i guess this is #feminism , #intp style ! pardon my commenting on such an old post ! 
the only thing i could think of is the latest or next rehashing of an old conspiracy theory . 
at least the ( 1st ) thor movie doesn't have loki using sexist slurs ! 
... also check out the blog of @ / diannaeanderson for a critique . 
interesting that " don't make fun of religion " usually refers to the speaker's religion ; other religions may be fair game . 
freedom of speech v political correctness | nonprophetess !LINK! your one pic reminded me of this 
... not that i don't want kids , i just want to be cautious , to make sure i like who their mother will be ) 
... or trying to convert . :-) but that's my thought . maybe i'm a heretic . :-) 
just saw the tweet - - so sorry ! 
" : jesus is lord , and caesar is not . not a republican caesar , not a democrat caesar , not any caesar . " a good reminder 
one more : it's fun ! ! ! 

if they're right , i'll probably be there too - - for worshipping on sunday . :) 
didn't he commit an ad hominem ? 
that breaks down in strict environments , in which dating is taboo . #puritycultute there are many types of it . 
" : inoculating christian youth !LINK! by " this is supported by many blogs & tweets ! 
... twitter and the blogosphere are filled with the effects . 
i can only name 5 : trump , carson , cruz , rubio , & fiona 
:) i welcomed a couple of others in it to blockbotland a few days ago . ( got a follow , though ) 
... the same church don't agree on what god says ! personally , i think god wants me ... 
the sad thing is the version that incurs the new atheists ' wrath is prevalent and wrecking havoc in the church . :( ... 
the savior said " follow me " and we are to imitate him . he ate with the sinners and criticized the religious ... 
" : because a person's a person , no matter how small . #whyweprotest #protestpp " what are your thoughts ? 
knowing i'm not entitled to anyone's time or attention , i really appreciate that you give me the time of day when i @ you ... 
and last week's debate over it . 
from the quotes i've heard , the founders respected the bible but were not the bible-thumping fundamentalists of their day . 
funny , in ancient times kings wore purple b / c it was a symbol of wealth ( since it was hard to obtain ) 
so desperately needed when the issue is so polarized with heresy & deception labels abounding ! 
interesting that germany is still subject to ww2 stereotypes but the south complains about theirs ... 
i shared a link earlier from a medieval sufi muslim . heresy warning for fundamentalists ( christian or muslim ) 
welcome ! 
yeah , it just shows how shallow and insecure some people are . 
a lot of people say , " yes ; free speech only applies to government censorship . " 
amen ! ! 
as a christian my view is closer to you : even jesus said it will be more tolerable for some in the day of judgment ... 
in quoting my tweet , points out that " modesty " is culturally influenced 
... many women's centers give info on adoption & other options , give supplies to the women who keep their babies 
is that the one that lead up to the death of husayn in kerbala ? 
do you think that societal measures for maturity tend to confuse #intps ? 
this book is helpful . my mom thought so when she flipped through it . 
and i try to do the same - - one reason i joined twitter 
like your bio line , " doubting yet devoted christian . " 
you mean , a consistent life ethic ? 
... exists to block harassers and others they don't like . 
you mean by not being pressured to conform to cookie cutter molds ? 
gal . 5:1 " it's for freedom that christ has set us free ; no longer be subject to the yoke of bondage . " 
perseid meteor shower tonight & next few nights 
so true ! ! ! - - this is sooo rare today ; thanks for tweeting this ! ! 
that is why i'm wary of #politicalcorrectness 
... as torment instead of bliss . annihilation is another view ... 
this sounds similar to what lord rabbi sacks is doing in judaism with his upcoming book not in god's name . 
... and undermining absolutes , ignoring the fact that authoritarianism is incompatible with absolutes ... 
great article . ( i , too , despite my evangelical upbringing , have listened to stories from nonchristian religions ) ... 
watched your videos on white-passing privilege and on what not to say to mixed race people ... 
great chance to talk to people you'd never encounter otherwise 
we need honest discussion . this is necessary for bridge building and conflict resolution . but , this is not pc ! 
pro choice followers : glad to have you on board ( just like the prolifers ) . i was wondering about links concerning my last rt ... 
i hope i'm not putting you on the defensive ; if i am , i'm really sorry . i really don't want to be an oppressor . 
when i've read & interacted with feminists on twitter , the ones who identify as conservative christian are all nice ... 
none of the things i tweeted are the top ones in any state 
welcome 
i read a number of your posts on purity culture ( which i grew up in myself ) . so sorry for all the struggles you went through ... 
... i'm considering going though . 
... we grow when we challenge each other . ( jeremy beahan , reasonable doubts ) 
i still haven't read harry potter . more likely to read the handmaid's tale . but i have so many books i started 
as an old follower said , " kafir , kafir kende ne " , punjabi for " they call me ' kafir ' " ( infidel , heathen ) 
... please feel free to critique my posts or rts you don't agree with . that's why i'm here ... 
appalling how many states are closing their doors 
is this celebration of difference a loophole in a potential date's bringing up religion to your kids ? 
latest rt concerns electing muslims to the white house 
i bought 40 laws of love earlier ; so far liking it . 
ignore them . as they say , " to each his or her own taste . " 
... at the end , the youth leader said we needed to allow ourselves to be expanded by each other . 
i loved the book ; couldn't put it down . ( and i have a tendency to jump between books . ) 
... but it will be experienced differently , either as bliss or torment ... 
sad - - one lady on twitter , when i said that i don't care if a woman is a virgin or not , told me i shouldn't get married . 
i guess you don't recommend the book ! any better recommendations ? 
doubt is not the opposite of faith ; it is one element of faith . paul tilich ( 1886-1965 ) 
i , too , agree with morgan and shannon . 
the connection to eastern religions . some christians respond to that like elephants to mice in the old cartoons ! 
... even criticizing it is politically incorrect ! 
... it was a long string of tweets talking about these things that got me blocked by ms . anderson . 
it's impossible for me to have an abortion , since i'm male . i've tweeted on the issue 
secret insider info : it looks nutty from here as well . 
o . k . 
it's so awesome your interested in philosophy & theology ! i , too , have these interests ( also in world religions ) 
one is " monkey-heat " when it's really hot . ( german , affenhitze ) . my german isn't very good . 
yep 
great post " i'm sorry i hated you " ; shared it . thanks for saying it ; much needed . 
i agree 
no ; nein ; нет ( nyet ) ! is this a case even if their hearts are in the right place , their brains absolutely are not ? 
welcome 
i was thinking that many of them will make a fuss out of a relativistic culture undermining biblical ( tm ) values ... 
the lady who blocked me wrote this book . 
last week dianna e . anderson argued for 2 hours with gungor over the song , " we are stronger " ... 
not a philosophy major , just a buff . still hard to get up in the morning - - love your bio ! 
sorry ; i meant sorry about the abusive relationship . * looks for paper bag * 
" : what #equalityis to me : via !LINK! " #feminism may the day come soon ! 
her blog has a post that all men have the potential to be creepy and another on why she refuses to say , " not all men " 
you're a nonconformist tonite ! ( way cool ! ); not tweeting on the debate ( which i only know about from my twitter thread . 
i guess one of these years you can make a trip to usa then . ( beware , next year is an election year ; a lot of fun ! ) 
how do we hold our doctrinal convictions in earnest when we know there are skies beyond our sky ? … !LINK! via 
" : #shamsoftabrez !LINK! " i love this ; this is great for discussion points ! 
great , isn't it ? 
top ten bios in twitter - - i may add it to mine ! 
do i the link ? 
before obama was elected , many said people would never elect someone black to be president in usa 
... however , he's overzealous in attacking " 23 minutes in hell " ( an alleged eyewitness to hell ) . is annihilationist 
... hesse grew up in a deeply religious environment that he moved away from . 
from what i've read about them , it seems they're actually making a difference for jesus , they have vision ! 
one of my followers posted a link to !LINK! a while back ... 
has a block list with over 20,000 users listed ; her bio has a link to it w / the possibility of subscription ... 
great post on hunger games ! ( i ' m planning on reading it now ! ) there is an allusion when the guy risks punishment to help + 
pardon my commenting on such an old tweet , but this is a message the whole world needs to see ! ! 
#intp ? well , nt's can probably appreciate this . 
you don't have to hear what they have to say . :) 
+ the whole i-hate-what-you-say-but-i-defend-your-right-to-say-it ; but i'll critique you ... 
i kinda agree with both of you - - with rob on when life begins & with cherry on giving them assistance after birth 
love the part of your bio on loving people not being p . c . : it works against justice and equality . 
i grew up under dispensationalism , but certain aspects seem weak ... 
happy b-day to him ! born tuesday . unfortunately the calendar trick works better irl than in social media . :( 
great show ! suggestions : prosperity gospel , the rapture , race ( esp w / the issues here stateside but also the uk's version ) 
however , many in usa only want a christian as head of state . ( our constitution bans religious tests though . ) 
:) ! ! ! congratulations ! ! 
... i can't speak for the others though 
also , most refugees are fleeing isis , isis wants them fighting there ! ... 
belated shanah tovah ! may you be sealed for a good year ! 
b / c censorship can backfire ; protecting haters protects everyone else as well . 
yeah , esp if you're in the middle of using it for something else ! 
plus many of them actually support the patriarchal structures they accuse muslims of supporting ! 
... maybe that would be ( biblically speaking ) my ezer ( in gen . 2 ) . just don't force me into ... 
when you're #intp , #adulting is affected by aversion to societal norms 
... i'm looking , like you , to hear the stories of those outside ( major reason for being on twitter ) ... 
i don't know where this comes from . 
so , don't call anyone " infidel " only to confiscate their stuff ? 
i say , " so sorry " or " my condolences " . 
... is joining the club . 
makes you appreciate when you're welcome . not welcome in vanguard land ! 
personally , i'd love romance . guess i need to make sure the inferior fe doesn't blind me ... 
do you think that finances are less relevant to #intps when seeking marriage than to other types ? 
teşekkürler thank you 
... after a catholic / protestant alliance beat them , they were branded radicals ... 
same here . then i realized that " go establish a xian nation " is among #thingsjesusneversaid ... 
" : our new #tbt series is from the everyday ambassador book itself ! #summerreading !LINK! " desperately needed ! 
in other words , they don't believe in the trinity 
a few days ago i stumbled into learning #latin . the priming started with ' s blog post on the #hungergames ... 
... 14 years ago , she called me when i was where even the president has to go . i said i'd be there ... 
so true 
so good . i'm a christian and we have similar stuff in christianity . ( i believe questions are essential . ) 
... female strength and forcefulness than other types . 
... he told me he didn't want to argue & go to #atheist , b / c they like to argue . 
i wonder if this will help the book's sales , as people wonder , " what's all the hubub ? " 
loved your book jesus feminist . i loved the description of how you & your husband interact , a good example for the world ! 
also , a mob in india lynched a muslim for allegedly eating beef ... 
+ this whole #merrychristmasstarbucksfollow is a case of someone needing christmas cheer--they need a song ! 
she also argued for 2 hrs w / gungor over , " we are stronger " ; she thought it came from a place of white cishet male privilege . 
the whole women-are-into-love-and-men-are-into-sex line . seems as though pushing this is a recipe for disaster ... 
as a christian , from your stuff i read i don't feel attacked . some of my coreligionists won't agree , but i don't buy ... 
you mean like a concrete mind - - all mixed up & permanently set ! ? 
#youknowsummerisover when it's time to " fall back " reminder to all my american followers 
... but i say , no matter the race , the mam involved consents to fatherhood . ( one reason i've chosen abstinence ... 
... " benedictus tu , domine deus noster , rex mundi , qui educat panem de terra . " ... 
never mind that islamic extremists impose the death penalty for homosexuality ! ... 
amen . 
so true . 
i've never had a chance to be tested - - i've never been on a date ( mainly due to a strict upbringing [ " i kissed dating goodbye ] ) + 
... also , in orthodoxy , after death , everyone is in god's presence ... 
let's go - - or to amsterdam . 
as someone who values reason and rationality , i love the challenging of the irrationality of these statements 
if they're religious they must have slept through the sermon on " those who live by the sword die by the sword . " 
... but based on hearsay i got the impression that he was prescribing a cookie cutter mold ( something i do not want ) ... 
well , when you're raised fundie , you either become obedient or impertinent ... 
... boyd's view is that a government can be no more xian than an aardvark or a petunia ... 
they want the right to express distaste , but they want to censor lgbt stuff on tv so their kids can't see ! 
sounds interesting since i'm of both european and african heritage ... 
... he's one of my muslim followers . he has a lot of stuff on his site . 
in other words , a lot of prison jokes , even from prominent comedians , are inappropriate ? 
if you actually read the story in the bible , it was an attempted gang rape that got them in trouble ... 
... & stand up for others to pursue theirs . thank you for not backing down , for the sake of the world . 
... in that " right " and " wrong " are the whim of whoever is in authority . 
... when there is an incitement to violence , whether old antiblack stereotypes inciting lynch mobs + 
put their names / pics on your shoe soles , car pedals , and ottomans - - thus you can perpetually trample them ! 
i've seen videos of women who decided to keep their babies ( when #pp would abort ); the women had such joy ! 
... that the antichrist is coming , etc . 
no , is a bosnian refugee . i mentioned arnessa due to the refugee reference and debate . 
the rabbis teach that because the torah says they saw no form on sinai , giving god a form is forbidden ... 
conservative ( related to it conservare , to hold on to ); liberal ( free ) . let's be free from the traditions of men ... 
pardon the soapbox ! :-) 
t yep , it's a figure of speech . 
parts of it - - i tend to read multiple things at a time 
... personally , i question the most literalistic view ; still working on my view here . 
... when she told him not to bring his dog where the cats were ... 
... doesn't appeal to me ( i've only heard descriptions though . ) this is one thing i like about feminism ... 
loading … !LINK! i love this 
thanks for standing up for men and pointing out the ways patriarchy hurts us too . 
would you rather date someone without a driver's license or someone acting like kim davis 
me too ! but i don't speak czech , so i'd have to go around , " do you speak english ? " ; " ich spreche nur ein bisschen deutsch " 
eid mubarak 
rob bell suggested the childbirth comment was a shot at artemis 
especially since the cups never referred to jesus ! 
great article ! keep up the good work ! 
the tweets i've seen and blog posts i've read bear witness to the damage caused by this , the letter killing . ( 2 cor . 3:6 ) 
... she busted the myths of women not being visual or into sex ... 
something needed ! concerning #modesty , here's something a pakistani posted : 
great story ! from usa : go , lady ! 
you mean , the ones calling for not accepting syrian refugees . here's how it works : christian ( tm , upon reading this ): ... 
yeah , too bad i don't have those looks ! lol 
... that is something i've long thought . i've long felt it self-righteous to insist on a virgin ... 
seems this is common in our society . 
i have 5 pages of titles in my kindle ; only finished a couple . i have a stack of physical books to finish . 
i didn't know that ! 
" : hey . nerds can be cool . " and nerds rule ! hope for #intps ! 
chag sameach ! 
yes , at least according to online tests 
i shared the story and tweeted on it earlier . 
the unmotivated intp – 5 tips to bounce back | youtopia !LINK! i'm gonna try this ! 
... i consider virginity irrelevant . 
" : !LINK! " good advice 
especially lower income men ! 
back in the bush / cheney years 
i guess that makes my interpretation * heresy * , in their mind . 
... i had a crush on a blogger ; but she thinks i'm creepy ( and hates me . :( ) 
the place god has for you is where your deep gladness & the world's deep hunger meet . frederick buechner , theologian . 
i loved your motivation post . 
" : an introduction of ahmadiyya > !LINK! < < & if you want to ask > > !LINK! " this is just one sect 
#oxymoron 
in the bible god picked a man for leadership who said , " send someone else " . ( plato would be happy . ) next president : #intp 
was commandment deliberate , instead of amendment ? as in , they'll shoot anything not lifting up jesus + 
i recently shared a link to " 40 rules of love " by sufi muslim shams tabrizi ( 1185-1248 ) . some of it could have been said today 
" : !LINK! " not much has changed in 14 centuries ; otherwise , the pious wouldn't give off a judgmental vibe ! 
they do what this says you should not do ! 
in some states , home schooled kids can get a regular diploma by attending the local school the last 2 weeks + 
we'll split your share of the veggies , party poison 
... and don't the people guilty of the genocide get protection in serbia , esp among ultra-nationalists . 
" : #wordedtuesday !LINK! " what do you think ? 
choice - - one of the basics of liberty and human rights ! vive le liberté ! 
just read your post on jory micah's blog ! go for it ! thank you for writing it . thanks for not just being a clone . 
... they take no responsibility for the fate of your soul . i'll just refer you to jer . 29:13- 14 
this is the first i've heard of holtzclaw . but being mixed race , thanks for speaking out against racism . 
" : there is no fear on the side of truth !LINK! " all my followers : what is your opinion on this ? 
welcome ; via 
concerning latest rt , wtf ? ( pardon my language ! ) 
great ; the bible has a similar story : the parable of the sheep and goats ( mt . 25:31- 46 ) ... 
another modesty point : when it comes to lust , what about men w / shoe and / or foot fetishes ... 
i love these quotes 
" : words from maya angelou : !LINK! " this is powerful - - this is a big reason for my being on twitter 
radicaalll ! turns the whole religious right view of true christians ( tm ) on its head ! 
shallow indeed ! 
or saying w / montaigne , " que sais-je ? " ; " what do i know ? " it's also recognizing descartes ' point : 
i rtd something from an ahmadi muslim follower on the benefits of learning of other religions . what do you think ? 
#imthankfulfor : family friends literacy smartphone ( cheesy , i know - - but aiding in learning ) twitter connections god's hidden work 
... but black america is still my heritage . plus , a relative started a family in germany ... 
i just read your article on " deeply held religious beliefs . " i texted the link to a friend with whom i have discussions 
then the person you like may never know - - he may not pursue due to fear of being considered creepy . 
... i do find the identification of the beast with the state interesting . 
welcome . i meant deen show . 
it doesn't . a . d . is translated into english ; the declaration of independence refers to the creator as our rights ' source . 
me neither . a blogger referred to that as the truth ( tm ) 
actually it wasn't bad at all . i felt accepted and didn't know any different until i got older ... 
i . e . , guy introduces himself to another guy , engaging in small talk , then asks about the woman he likes 
what about for religions that don't believe in hell ? 
... then , i'm the type the fewer hurdles , the better . i just want to find and be with the person i love & not it take forever . 
love it ; as they say , you attract more flies with honey than vinegar . 
.. exclusion & embrace ( ) is a good read . ( pls don't use my username if you engage ms . anderson ... 
... to refer to not having 13 guests . 
a pecking order , even though jesus abolished pecking orders ! 
perseid meteor shower tonight & next few nights . 
for something less emotionally charged would gravity be a good example - - regardless of your opinion ... 
good old ( un ) common sense ! 
in fact , the first amendment gives others the right to criticize your position . i made a similar point in a blog comment . 
great bio ! 
seriously ! whoa ! fortunately no one i follow ( or , to my knowledge , follows me ) makes me need that policy 
people grabbing at me ( even if it's only to straighten my collar ) . i literally jerk away ... 
well , vanguard vivian is an angry elf : twisting our words 
" : wonder !LINK! " i love this ! ! any thoughts ? 
good job ! it's a very good sign ( esp in light of the tension ) when whites stand up for blacks . pass on my thanks . 
welcome - - it can describe me as well . i really like this l'engle quote : 
i read a number of your articles . i pick up from the feminism one that you're from the patriarchy hurts men too camp ... 
every generation laughs at the old fashions but religiously follows the new . #thoreau 
so sorry ! :( 
i saw the discussion . i'm looking for the song on youtube , what's it called 
seems the claims of obama's being muslim tend to slam muslims ( bigotry ? ) 
notice a few years back when somali cab drivers refused to carry passengers w / booze the right cried , " no shari'a ! " ... 
after all , christmas stuff comes out after halloween ; we gotta start the fight earlier . :-) 
yeah , i learned # 1 the hard way . p # 5 . some people don't like comments on old posts . so , pardon this one . 
i think i overwhelmed her in an #intp extrovert / fe moment ; a long string of tweets in response to a blog post . 
so true . 
americans who pass a german test can also study for free in germany . 
this applies to all religions 
i definitely don't agree w / the view christians should always go to war ... 
what i get from the stalin comment is that there is no smoking gun saying violence needs religion ... 
my opposition to pc is due to the fact i value #rationality , #tolerance , #openmindedness , #reconciliation ... 
internet atoll on the coast of the sea of books 
i've noticed that yec faces the brunt of creationism criticism ; i hardly hear old earth addressed by atheists + 
" : does a person not have a right to tell others to quit spamming them with messages they don ’ t want ? " #strawman 
... i tweeted this in response to a no-bad-reason-to-block-so-leave-them-the-f * * * - alone tweet ; went poorly ... 
notice the focus on sex ( as opposed to injustice and other issues ) . in fact , the charge that atheists don't want accountability + 
#masculinitysofragile because you have to kowtow to everyone's arbitrary opinions , rather than being free . #viveleliberté ! 
... a friend ( i think due to the concept of gov by the people ) just can't grasp the concept . 
i'm referring to his general behavior , not this specific instance . 
does the torah punish a rape victim ? - inner stream - parsha !LINK! 
i consider myself profeminist ( using pro due to my maleness ); what is your concern with the movement ? 
i appreciate your willingness to interact and let me follow you and your following me ; also the favorites . obrigado 
a coworker's #masculinitysofragile he on one hand criticizes others for lack of manliness while on the other is highly emotional . 
yep ; if christmas stuff comes out in november , you got to start the war early . bah , humbug ! :-) 
... you're gonna fall if you jump off the sears tower 
i've never dated . at church people are convinced that any such relationship w / a nonchristian will be disastrous ... 
" : perhaps you should check * your * privilege #miltonfriedman #intp !LINK! " #privileged let's expand the pie ! 
most certainly would 
thank you . 
the homeschooling advocacy group dismissed the other groups as " bitter young people " ; which doesn't mean there isn't abuse 
from celebration of discipline by richard j . foster 
i heard of it more in evangelical circles 
... from what i read from , a beka wasn't as racially biased as bob jones ( a beka didn't bash dr . king ) ... 
i'm on the way back from work ; my coworkers are laughing ! 
if you're interested , there's a string of three tweets in my thread in which i give my 2 ¢ worth . 
same here 
tragic ! 
pastor osteen gets grief from fundies as well , for the prosperity gospel & for allegedly denying jesus as the only way . 
yeah , the problem is when people use convo stoppers , or set up us vs them mentalities 
... ostensibly it's to protect against harassment ... 
in 2004 , ranked # 1 religious school in the nation . # 2 was oru , # 3 was grove city college in western pa 
do you think romance-minded intps are more into simple weddings ( minimum by law ) than other types . 
it's that time of year again ! #eggnog is back . yaaay ! 
welcome . i suppose i need to be more informed on the issue . 
you mean kinda like some black people use the " n " word w / each other but object to its use by whites ... 
i read part of her autobiography - - very inspiring ! ! 
40 laws of love : a novel on rumi ; a book on #mbti ; adulting ; that's just 3 ! 
yeah , i've heard this , and more ! 
thank you for talking to me and allowing me to follow you , and for following me . i really appreciate it . 
the 12 cognitive biases that prevent you from being rational !LINK! love these 
just found out about banned books week a few hours ago , from a follower . i'm gonna read the handmaid's tale 
a star trek buff friend recommends star trek : clone wars series 
read some of your tweets - - literally , lol ! i don't have a #masculinitysofragile i can't take a joke ! 
would you be more o . k . with , " honor is given ; respect is earned " ? 
well , some may complain about your tweets ; but i'm interested in some of those topics . 
welcome 
it was a convo about visa requirements ; i made a comment on it 
park view mennonite church sermons : phil kniss : a silly sabbath song !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] what do you think ? 
for a christian view , check out " we are stronger " by 
there's an article on the faith and feminism blog ... 
i disagree with you on god's existence , but i love your lack of concern for #politicalcorrectness 
i will recognize that they might have a point when they start challenging the way we do things ( 2 ) ... 
a new follower posted this ; what do you think ? 
... sometimes with no interaction . you could be blocked for tweeting under hashtags they don't agree with ... 
... btw , what do you think of the moral influence theory ? 
read it . my point was that " courtesy " isn't gospel ; that questioning norms is necessary . 
... i tweeted all that to ask your thoughts on the insights of buddha & lao tzu on this ( considering chap 2 , dao dr jing ) . 
i'm not muslim , but i thought the quran said not to address others as nonbelievers . how do they explain that ? 
... the second thing that pushed me towards learning #latin is a coworker's reference to the gutenberg bible after mentioning the geneva ... 
here's a good book for judaism . 
#masculinitysofragile that in 1930 they tried to get the government to ban all quiet on the western front for its antiwar message . 
" : ranting new yorker daily is out ! !LINK! stories via " my link is shared 
yeah ; they didn't allow blacks until the 70 ' s ; and banned interracial dating until 2000 ... 
i don't use the label , " progressive " , but i say that's so true ! preach it ! take an offering ! ... 
thanks for interacting with me yesterday and answering my questions . 
did your old church have nonwhite members ? 
#adhominem 
scandinavian fiction ? i picked up a couple of swedish words from watching the subtitled version of wallander & irene huss 
... it wasn't on theology , but he seemed to imply criticizing those who block due to disagreement are bullies . 
... all thinking they're right . ) the book faithfully feminist , which talks about christian as well as jewish & muslim feminists . 
modesty | hännah ettinger !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] especially love the part on kevin's lust going down ! 
this is the first i heard of this ! 
... i guess i can say i'm not a racist . lol ! u just think we should get along , regardless of race , religion , nationality ... 
maybe descartes , that people reach different conclusions based on the things they consider ... 
" : interesting exchange happening in the comments section here : !LINK! " interesting debate 
welcome 
why censoring speech creates extremists and causes atrocities instead of stopping them | thought catalog !LINK! 
teach us to want : the quest to transcend evangelical moralism !LINK! this expresses my thoughts 
the jewish-arab peace song ( w / english subtitles ) - youtube !LINK! #shalomsalaam #سلام #שלום 
... kaiser said a woman's role is kindern ( kids ) , küche ( kitchen ) , and kirche ( church ) . 
... even among those who are " straight " by western cultural standards . also , the do= be line is cultural . 
in a tweet to dianna anderson we observed the ethnocentrism in #purityculture 
a good man wouldn't force them to abandon their dreams - - he'd seek for them to team up ! 
the sad thing about it is jesus said , " he who is without sin can cast the first stone . " 
so important ! ! i've noticed also that it's ignored that men can get heartbroken as well , due to stereotypes of conquest ... 
doesn't it have to do with flaunting wealth ? 
welcome 
so , they made sure there couldn't be witnesses to back it up ... 
welcome . 
how do you feel about the view men can't be feminists ? 
2007 
... to be fair , we should all look for disconfirming evidence of stereotypes of other groups . 
how about decide to do something productive , but end up being useless and driving other types nuts . 
... anyway , i've started reflecting on the connexion with dukkha ( since #purityculture is supposed to keep us from pain ) ... 
my language interest grows from my foreign culture interest . but i love the differing grammars , idiomatic expressions ... 
my question to him is if women here don't care about rape , why is there a #rapeculture hashtag ? 
" : because we need to protect and love all of our world citizens " absolutely ! ! 
how about authors and politicians . 
where am i on the naughty list ? 
... with people flaming the fires of conflict , i pray the prayer of st . francis : 
" today's psychoanalysis ... can have at bottom hardly any other goal than to create a space within ourselves in which god's ... 
it's basically a group of tweets ; ( author of damaged goods ) started it last month . 
love it - - you see identity politics all over twitter . problem with censorship of offensiveness is it's subjective ... 
absolutely ! ! speak it out ! 
" : i love this . !LINK! " this is awesome . #peace #understanding 
i'm not a prophet but i have a hunch that putting old at risk of sex abusers ... 
#youknowsummersoverwhen people put away their shorts & flip flops and start wearing coats & boots 
here in the states , the republican debate is coming up 
your mention of courtesy together with calling yourself a youth in the dawkins thread had me thinking ... 
i have my own as well , but i hold them lightly and use " heretic " sparingly . after all , we know in part ( 1 cor 13 ) 
yep . 
anything to do with guy fawkes and the gunpowder plot in 1605 ? 
... for a few church friends . 
it's been a while since we tweeted , but i want to thank you for your willingness to interact . much appreciated ! 
welcome 
this is the book the lady who blocked me wrote . 
if your profile pic is you : شما زیبا ! 
what a tragedy ! ! 
i'm buying something else tonight ; but this looks like an interesting read . 
what's the translation ? 
thanks ; for a short trip , i'm as likely to go to se asia , due to the price 
i tend to buy books and read more than one at once ! just bought faithfully feminist at barnes & noble ( & german learning stuff 
not being into societal norms probably adds fuel to the fire ! 
excellent book ! wonderful the way she depicts the mutuality with her husband - - that's what i want ! 
great quote in your bio ! ! 
my problem is the hypocrisy of complaining about #politicalcorrectness for censorship while censoring others ! 
... the place god wants you is where your deep gladness & the world's deep hunger meet . frederick buechner 
i threw in a few comments towards the end relating to my being mixed race . ( something i'm glad to answer questions about . ) ... 
a major reason usa is the only country to not ratify the #conventionontherightsofthechild is fundamentalists ... 
i just read your response to dr . keller over your book ; thank you for your gracious response ( despite disagreement ) ... 
from an american christian : #ahnadilivesmatter #frerdomforahmadis 
" adulting " may be alien to intps , but here is something to help satisfice . 
a radical sect took over a town , imposed their religion , instituted polygamy ... 1520 ' s in münster , an anabaptist group ... 
wonder if they picture the mullahs ' faces on their cigarettes when they stomp them out ! ? 
sounds good 
as should churches and synagogues , temples , and secular humanist centers ! christians for peace 
sadly it's all over twitter and the blogosphere ! 
some christians actually reject trees due to that ; others say that only refers to worshipping them . 
happy thanksgiving 
why i submit to my wife ( it honors god ) !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] when i get married , this is what i want ! ! 
shanah tovah ! may you be inscribed for a good year ! 
" : #abortion is a war on children . it teaches violence as a means to an end what do you think ? 
... i only had a male perspective until a month ago . i used to get frustrated b / c i felt women were too rough on us ... 
great article on too " feminine " church ! my problem with that line of thinking is it tears down individuality ... 
the good samaritan , at least dr . king's sermon on it . pardon the comment on such an old post ! 
in defense of letting kids talk back !LINK! via this is quite a radical idea ! 
#notallmuslims are terrorists ! in the midst of this tension i pray with st . francis : 
top secret info from behind the stained glass : it looks ridiculous from here as well . ;-) 
guess everyone has to make their own decision 
all this talk of white privilege and stuff makes me realize the nonbinariness of race ... 
... who ( during the bush 43 years ) was criticized for calling out oppression in muslim countries instead of only gitmo ... 
#hypocrisy 
#istandwithahmadis b / c freedom of religion is one of the most basic rights . here in usa , this right was established to avoid religious wars 
some men are pining for a woman as well . for me , it's a longer story than 140 characters ! 
love it - - so politically incorrect ! :-) but it's realistic ! 
great bio ! ! i apply the first three items to myself ; i'm a protestant . 
... j . beahan from reasonable doubts in an atheist's sermon has a good comment on it ... 
if you're gonna post something in another language , at least also post a translation ! 
... but are condemned at the same time . an iranian atheist posted this : 
just toss various stuff in your thread into a story . 
... and regurgitates the party line , sloppily defending it to the end . 
lol ! ! ! 
... one of their free courses is aspire : a tool to help you improve your life . i don't know if you'll find it useful . 
... they tell horror stories of the nonchristian giving the christian grief , that the christian had to take a stand ... 
always best when they're together ! jesus is filled with grace and truth . 
forgetting that fascism was antigay and all about white supremacy , nationalism , and militarism . 
or tell them , " you're fired ! " :) 
i wasn't trying to be a douchebag , just promote #reason , #tolerance , #openmindedness . i guess i had a bones moment ! :-) 
... yesterday i tweeted an article by ( a turkish writer ) on cosmopolitanism in an era of identity politics . 
... the debate over the role of women has lit up over the twittersphere lately . complementarianism is the other position . 
... salvation by deification ( no , we do not become g / god ( s ) ! ) basically sharing in god's nature ... 
... they have , however , apologized for their racism . 
welcome 
concerning books on philosophy and such , have you read hesse's siddhartha ? that is one that sticks out to me ! 
one of my followers was told we're all faking it - - he said he's 48 going on 11 
in french they have a saying , " treize à table " ( 13 at the table ) to refer to the avoidance of having 13 guests . 
either did i 
" : the only way islam can remain relevant is if you keep questioning it . " same with christianity ! 
... uh , i mean #malestrom . since i'm intellectual , i'd be honored if someone of higher intelligence will date me . 
sorry - - it was supposed to be trampling us cis scum , puncturing our faces , that we learn our lesson . :-) 
we've just had power , and as they say , " power corrupts ; absolute power corrupts absolutely " ... 
" : " if there's no love in justice , there's no justice . " - stephan bauman , #justice14 !LINK! " so true 
... then i thought , in response to these #intpproblems , st . paul basically god uses the misfits ( 1 cor . 1 ) . there's hope for us ! ! ! 
a sense of integrity so lacking today 
read your #friday13th article : excellent . in french they say , " treize à table " ( 13 at the table ) ... 
absolutely - - after all , #starbucksredcup is enough to get some christians crying of persecution . 
i found an article on bilingualism from a scientific perspective ( quoted in my tl ) 
... #notallchristians upon hearing of #parisattacks christian ( tm ): no more syrian refugees ! anyone : #notallmuslims ... 
i'm a christian in usa surfing twitter , and i heard about that . what is the problem people have with ahmadis ? 
happy #friday13th everyone ! 
... according to the rabbis , the wife's pleasure is one of the husband's duties . ( from ex . 21:13 , i believe ) 
do people really worry about such things ? 
i did get tmnt , but not x-men 
yes , i read it earlier this year - - i second the recommendation ! 
" : " to imitate the hatred and violence of tyrants and murderers is the best way to take their place . " — pope francis " 
eid mubarak 
love the post ! 
where did you find alternatives ? 
only in the past month have i realized the extent of it . in damaged goods tells of young men who say ... 
+ " kafir , kafir kende ne " , punjabi for " they call me kafir " ( infidel , heathen ) . 
how about coming off as creepy to other types ? probably especially to people who have creeper glasses 
even for prolifers , let's talk about injustice wherever it occurs . this comes from a bengali human rights activist ... 
having hobbies and interests is god's way of communicating with us ! 
one page of one of my favorite parts ( a convo w / the buddha ) 
also , the " curse of ham " isn't actually in the bible - - canaan ( who wasn't black ) was cursed . 
i'm sure some feminists will accuse him of misogyny . :-) 
i think i had a more mild version than a lot of people 
i just watched your video on harassment . when i think of it , i've never had a negative response from strangers i've ... 
another angle 
... whereas patriarchy is a system in which the cards are stacked in men's favor the answer is it's a false analogy 
recognition of this spawned the #consistentlifeethic position , who just so happen to be the ones w / o the bullhorn ! 
beware ! i learned the hard way yesterday that some people get mad if you criticize the reasons for blocking . :-) ... 
is that the same as the " consistent life ethic " ? 
... he also warns about those who cause little ones to stumble and predators with a pious mask . 
another version is of throwing a rock and a pebble in the water ; one has a bigger ripple effect . 
belated shanah tovah ! may you be sealed for a good year ! 
it's o . k . 
same here ( and i'm 30 ! ) 
people say that to me ( and it's supported by the evidence ) 
i don't know my friends exact qualifications , but they hire licensed medical professionals ; they give options ... 
welcome to blockbotland ! vanguard vivian already put me on it ( i don't know my crime . ) she links the list . 
the #politicalincorrectness of the coward comment amuses me . i had this yesterday : 
saved this to my phone awhile back - - don't know who posted it : 
... for christians interacting with lgbtq . basically love , listen , respect . 
gott hat die frauen für mehr als kindern , küche , und kirche gemacht ! ... 
ms . aber has expressed interest in different religions ( she's a follower ) . we both identify as christian . 
there's a #purityculturetaughtme ( referring to evangelical christianity mainly in usa ) . how would you respond as a muslim ... 
i'm sorry if this is unhelpful , but i saw this in barnes & noble . 
i haven't seen these particular ones , but i agree on the swedish ; even managed to pick up a couple of swedish words 
although , i did wonder about whether the roles were ever reversed . 
do you think intps more likely than other types to be on the receiving end of responsibility lectures ? 
even other christians called them out on it ( steve taylor's song , " no colour code " ) 
#imachristianbut i don't believe a lot of stuff people say #purityculturetaughtme because they are #thingsjesusneversaid 
yep ; even more fun if you're timid & awkward ; and you have to hope you don't come off as creepy 
#thingsjesusneversaid god hates f * * s ; pass it on 
what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life ? mary oliver 
in light of your bio and tomorrow's being reformation day , i thought i'd mention the 2015 calendar matches 1517 . 
no , except connect with the local culture , make friends . 
i deduce you like eeyore ; here he is . 
... will not go well on judgment day . 
i tried to beg forgiveness gets lady who blocked me ; long story short ... 
yeah ; part of the reason usa is the only country besides south sudan not to ratify #crc ... 
i consider myself evangelical , but one who embraces doubt , questioning aspects of evangelical subculture & dogma ... 
i agree ; i just tweeted praises of the book to another reader ( i describe one of my favorite parts ) 
... what an atheist follower said of apologetics . 
i never heard of lot's seeing dinosaurs ; job , yes . there's even a kids ' song about seeing dinosaurs . 
good night 
yep 
true , and they're all wrong . that doesn't mean we shouldn't clean house 
i think there is a slippery slope concern over censoring hate speech ... 
maybe we should start a campaign to grant him asylum . #udhr #humanrights 
i guess if they try to avoid straw man & ad hominem attacks they're not trolls . 
make an effigy of her out of your kids ' play doh and tromp on it , thus leaving your shoe tread on the effigy 
welcome . thank you for your reply ! 
very inspiring . thank you . a journey of 1000 miles begins with the first step ... 
i do as well , as does my intj friend . we respect each other's bubbles . 
sounds like fun ! 
happy new year 
conservative christians are losing their minds because starbucks now has red cups - !LINK! via seriously ? ... 
seems to me like forcing people into cookie cutter molds . * singing * " tradition ! tradition ! " 
does this sum up your message ? 
... type in the username and see if they're blocked . i , and a few users who hang out here , are listed . 
i , being mixed , agree ! 
amen ! 
yeah , sometimes the more quiet you are , the more people bombard you with questions ! 
how is this for good works ? | october 16 , 2015 | headlines | religion & ethics newsweekly | pbs !LINK! wonderful story ! 
and men . a comment on a catholic site pointed out frustration over being single is human , not selfish ! 
i read some of your posts on #purityculture , in which i grew up . in my early 20 ' s i flirted w / buddhism a little ... 
gott hat die frauen für mehr als kindern , küche , und kirche gemacht ! ... 
maybe the naysayers are of the antitech that-is-a-bunch-of-foolishness crowd . 
are there any particular reasons yec gets most of the ribbing ? 
good vibes ; i'm guessing watching the gop debate would not help ; unless you want to see if trump says , " you're fired ! " 
would that be partially due to valuing personal autonomy over social expectations ? 
... he said , " let he who is without sin cast the first stone . " 
live the " antiauthoritarian " line in your bio ! also , if your post apocalyptic sci-fi includes the #hungergames ... 
sad thing is people have been saying this for at least a generation ! you'd think we'd get it . 
btw , i like your bio . i , too , consider myself libertarian ; but we differ concerning god 
... we talked a little . candice got sucked into it after vanguard vivian attacked us and i recommended candice . 
is that the issue lgbtq have with fundies ? i'll look into it more , to try to understand your perspective . 
thank you . 
makes me think of the schwarzenegger quote years back--did you do the voice when you tweeted ? 
... in english : i agree with both of you ! i'm praying for the parisians as well . 
the elms - real men cry - youtube !LINK! the link to mentioned song . 
thank you for your willingness to interact with me and allow me to follow you ; and for following me . i appreciate it . 
definitely ! sounds familiar . 
... lately , i've been concerned traditional gender roles sabotaged my chances of ever finding a so ( something unacceptable ) + 
why don't moderate muslims condemn terrorism ? - - they do ! ayesha's tl is evidence ... 
... add this to the muslim-communist-fascist from kenya sabotaging the country ! :-) 
i was thinking about how #intps can be socially awkward , come off as creepy in a judgmental society , be misfits , etc ... 
if i ever sign up for online dating , i'm gonna link this article to my profile ! 
after all , since i'm a christian , many would want me to question , in order to consider islam ... 
moody radio presented him as a saint . ( a coworker listens to them 
all this stuff predates feminism by centuries ; no , millennia . 
love - - that is the very reason patriarchy is wrong . thank you for acting as jesus would ... 
great post on ' s blog ! 
... just in time for eid al-adha ( muslim feast of the sacrifice ) and just past rosh hashanah , when it's read in synagogues ... 
... if we don't question , how can we interact , understand people different from us ( apart from stereotypes ) ? 
i believe in the holy catholic church – wait ? aren ’ t you anglican ? ! – the apostles ’ creed | mandi livingston !LINK! 
" liberal " means free , as in not bound by tradition or authority ( like kant said ) ... 
good old fashioned #ingroupoutgroupbias ! so tired of us vs them mentalities ! that's why i engage ... 
... now , it's long past time to expand the pie . thank you for saying we're not all bad ! 
amen to your bio ! 
... since at least there would be less of a chance of an abortion ? 
yes , progress has been made ; and a lot of legal barriers are gone . but some of the norms still exist ... 
it would be a huge case of cognitive dissonance to find theistic belief negative . at least concerning violence ... 
the strongest free will verse i can think of now is , " choose life " in deut . 
#libertarian sad thing is the right has its own brand of pc ! :( 
" : the epidemic of relativism among christian youth !LINK! " does anyone have their 2 ¢ worth on this ? 
... so , if someone is lgbt in a insular fundamentalist circle , and they come out of the closet ... 
removing the space means you can cram more characters into your bio . the xian & freethinker comes from a follower ... 
so true ! just amazing the things he said and did ! 
that's all that can be done - - a little at a time ! 
sounds like a supreme court case . 
yeah , proving wrong prochoicers who say prolifers just want to hurt & control women 
west bank story - the musical ( full version ) - youtube !LINK! #shalomsalaam #سلام #שלום 
i sent this to a couple of accounts that talk about abuse a lot . ( and ) 
trying to compete with christians in the persecution olympics ! 
i have to listen to the song , but there are many who are both black and white ... 
concerning pic 3 : 1 ) human rights are important ; 2 ) women are human ; 3 ) thus , we should champion women's rights 
... pardon the response to such an old post ! 
i think obama has the dubious " honor " of being the 1st black candidate for the antichrist ( maybe oprah ) . 
i feel like a misfit in many ways ! ! ! 
absolutely ! ! ! 
eid mubarak 
... also , check out the 40 laws of love link in my tl ( by shams of tabriz , sufi muslim & rumi's mentor 
some people block if you tweet under hash tags they don't like . 
for many , that's good karna for you . ( in jainism , it's a mortal sin to even kill a spider . ) ... 
lol ! ! and , using leeches to drain blood ! :-) 
that model , i think , hurts everyone . who will benefit by women pursuing their dreams ! ? many ! 
yeah , since that can encourage groupthink 
yep ; god is much more vast - - all creation will be redeemed . 
sorry ; i didn't mean to imply you did ; i was giving my own analysis based on what you said . sorry for the confusion . :( 
... ultrasounds , they offer free services 
welcome . i guess that means i won't automatically get slammed with a privilege penalty . :) 
i have to agree with you on this . 
... she said men being inconsiderate was the issue , encouraging roving eyes ... 
love your profile pic ! you mean " he must increase ; i must decrease " ; & jesus ' comment on traditions of men ? 
... who gets to determine what's offensive . for some , it's offensive to call usa a xian nation ... 
we need to speak against it wherever it occurs , regardless of race , nation , or religion . 
but lewis isn't considered a heretic 
amen to that ! #consistentlifeethic 
just bought everyday ambassador for my kindle - - looking forward to reading it ! 
... just don't infringe on the rights of others . i've heard lgbtq say they're fine w / disagreement w / same sex relations ... 
... if you're really upset , twist and grind up the images . or , stomp on something that crunches , picturing a mercy plea 
thank you ; my irl friends can use this 
isn't it what's on the inside that counts ? compatibility , common goals , mutual attraction ? 
... i also know a little italian , german , russian , ukrainian , hebrew , turkish , and farsi 
... the term " least of these " comes from this parable . check out the song by audio adrenaline " kings and queens " on youtube 
actually , they raped him . 
that again ! ! ! ? * facepalm * the " curse of ham " isn't even in the bible . ( canaan , not ham , was cursed . ) 
... the persecution complex model . thank you for trying to be fair minded ! 
or worse , if they resist , possibly face execution . 
in spain tuesday 13 is unlucky . ( 11mo ' til the next tue 13 ! ) 
i love this definition of #maturity 
explaing first timothy 2:11- 15 : female submission , silence , & subordination | jory micah !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] 
as someone of mixed race , i appreciate the awareness . 
agreed ; hypocrisy can be self-delusional ; even demons believe in god . 
because the kids ' issues w / their parents don't affect whether their request for more oversight is justified or not . 
" : !LINK! " i love this ! ! 
really like the chinese proverb ! 
great post ! 
... 1 ) i want a meaningful 1st time , w / someone who cares about me , not just a meaningless tryst ... 
... and made it clear there was to be no slut-shaming . 
orthodox view of salvation - youtube !LINK! a while back i brought up orthodoxy - - a follower shared this . 
... the #coloradospringsshooter is like a suicide bomber or a necklacer of the anc . the ends do not justify the means ... 
... race is one thing that was not an issue for me . 
who , me ? 
it's been a while since we interacted ; i just want to thank you for being willing to talk to me & let me follow ; appreciated 
like this says : 
welcome and thank you ! 
isn't he kinda like accusing dr . king or nelson mandela of spreading hatred of white people ? 
same here 
i realized i had a crush on a blogger after she blocked me . ( i'm over it now . ) 
based on what your thesis and blog say am i correct to deduce you're in the men-can-be-feminists-too camp ? 
if you like discussions , i rtd a discussion on concerning #kimdavis ; they were fair to both sides . 
isn't that one reason fundamentalists turn people off - - attacking everyone ? 
welcome ; the rabbis also understand ex . 21:10 as the husband's duty to meet his wife's sexual needs 
shout it out ! ! 
my mother says i'm weird . like the saying : " you laugh b / c i'm different ; i laugh b / c you're all the same . " 
in the middle east , what does pointing your shoe / foot sole towards someone mean ? 
the heart of the gospel is … anger ? really ? the anatomy of a john piper tweet | zach j . hoag !LINK! i've wondered this myself ! 
the problem they have is that the countries most affected w / aids aren't gay-friendly ! 
... however , other things have made me very angry with religion . 
... after i saw it and even played their critique of the kalam argument ... 
me too ! 
... but she finds me creepy . do you think #intp males are more likely to be attracted to ... 
not true 
#youknowsummersoverwhen you can comfortably wear a jacket . 
interesting , since sexual mores became more relaxed after communism fell ; and the communists were anti-lgbt . 
... thus , aggressive women make it easier for me . i'd rather have a few conventions breached than be alone ... 
... one time i forgot to shut it off , so it went off and took me 10 minutes to turn it off ! 
some of them would want to profile muslims as potential terrorists 
yep ; threatening my autonomy is one thing i have little patience for . 
welcome 
i read the book and liked it ; the author also recommended malestrom by carolyn custis james 
the funny thing about the modesty police is they slam muslims for it ( and cry , " terrorist " when a woman wears a hijab . ) 
seems like he was throwing out #adhominem attacks 
good job to the black lady ! 
thanks for taking a stand for life . even though we differ on religion , we share on when life begins ... 
the problem with neocal churches set up this way is their " total depravity " dogma ... 
thank you 
french etc has good podcasts . also , they're good to follow on twitter 
wonder what the next prediction is that people will chase like groupies after a boy band ? 
welcome 
really like the tournier quote 
very sad ; we were trained to be against each other . this explains a lot . i felt women were overly harsh on us ; i get it 
remember what c . s . lewis said that heartbreak is inevitable ... 
less to explain to your kids 
you want to learn spanish ? check out coffee break spanish , !LINK! , spanish by choice 
snowden 
the talmud requires consent ( based on prov 19:2 , " without knowledge [ consent ] the soul is not good ... 
i've read historically ( and even in 2015 ) homosexuality sometimes occurs in the absence of the opposite sex ... 
... after all , isn't that treating people like children ? isn't that why religion is criticized ? 
exactly ; but i will @ those listed who aren't bigoted racist misogynists . 
the popularity appeal is on the part of the religious in criticizing the skeptic . 
... but morally speaking , speech is problematic when it promotes us vs them mentalities ... 
... all of which are offensive to some people . i also think it obscene that i'm a douchebag for putting my values over feelings 
... under that view , one would have to say helping runaway slaves & jews was rebellion against god . 
i just read your post on anti-abortion not equalling #prolife . ( superb post ) it reminded me of the #consistentlifeethic ... 
i'll be praying 
i read a few of your blog posts - - excellent ! concerning " worldliness " , notice who opposed jesus the most ( the world hates me ... ) 
thank you and you're welcome 
wonder if they'll be upset that i personally tweet my muslim followers " eid mubarak " at muslim holidays ? 
" : you know why this is so infuriating ? because the prophet ibrahim ( pbuh ) found god through questions ! 
... also , their lack of concern for the less fortunate ( ez . 16 ; stressed more by jews than christians ) ... 
but wouldn't pc ( & cc ) go against mr ? 
diverse books sounds interesting to me ! 
no ; among democrats and republicans 
" : some people seem to entirely miss the point of christianity " read a few blogs to see the damage here in usa 
appalling ! according to her own logic , she'd have to shut down her practice : since we're all sinners ... 
guys , you need to be a true man ( tm ) before you can date . #fairytalemyth 
sorry . :( 
a lot of things ; i heard of the attitude of the staff / student body ; the education quality 
gen 2 - - god made eve out of adam ' side / rib 
that was naughty ! using assigned gender pronouns and @ - ing ! beware of the wrath of vanguard vivian ! :-) ... 
translation : image of african-american soldiers having participated in world war ii . 
" : which island is your favourite ? !LINK! " internet atoll on the shore of the sea of books ! 
same with conservative correctness ! ! ! 
mine as well ! 
the one-year , alternative graduate school program : the art of non-conformity !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] interesting ! 
that's b / c they project what they want on god ; thus , they ignore jesus ' being the mediator . 
the first part of the refrain is the translation of my profile pic 
what do you mean ? 
and they get mad if you try to talk to them . " i-don't-want-to-talk-to-you-so-f * * * - off " they say 
so glad 
... also , islamic nations with modesty codes also require modesty of men ( like the length of their shorts ) 
world hunger 
got the whole harry potter is witchcraft repackaged as well - - still haven't read them ... 
from 40 laws of love : a novel of rumi critique of #slutshaming ! 
thanks for the reply ! 
there are rumors in fundamentalist circles that he's gay ... 
i don't believe in being a douche bag , but i also believe in liberty , dissent , & human rights 
right wing evangelicals will be singing * it's the end of the world as we know it * ! some of them might put on " repent " signs 
i'm a man supporting gender equality and very much pro-life . thanks for taking a stand for life ! 
neither did rogen 
what do you think of christus victor or moral influence when it comes to atonement ? the jw site defends annihilation 
welcome 
" : good stuff from !LINK! " important ! 
thanks to #thingsjesusneversaid ! 
maybe an entj for me , as a to balance the introversion and to bring order where it's not my strength . 
sorry to comment on such an old tweet , but it's still true ! i've been told some of these things , is defamed 
i'm in a children's laughter state 
i loved your new charismatic article ( since i was raised charismatic ) . 
i also get jumpy from people poking me ( something my mom is not a huge fan of ) , even to get my attention . 
... i grew up in a lighter version of that . i only started hearing about these issues the beginning of july . startling ! ! 
yeah , men get this as well . don't date the " worldly " way ; trust god to bring your spouse . i'm 30 , never dated , w / o prospects :( 
appalling lack of ( un ) common sense ! 
yep . hope you don't wonder what you're doing at 30 , like me ! 
the rhetoric of bigots 
what about christianity ? 
#latinlanguage amicus dei sum 
i don't know if i told you about the lady who blocked me ( i told a number of people ) ... 
my main concern is the embrace of pc ( since i see it as playing with fire ) , identity politics , & the beginning of life . 
... i'll have to listen again . 
are they trying to out crazy usa ? we have those types here as well - - many think the pres is a closet kenyan muslim . 
+ my one friend studied online 
... she wrote a post on her blog critiquing the song . of you engage her , please don't use my username ... 
... no , i don't speak turkish - - but i'm learning with ( from whence i get the quote ) 
" : quiz : what country were you meant to live in ? !LINK! " try this quiz ; for me it's italy . 
i have a link to a post in ' s blog on 1 tim . 2 . i present it as a counterpoint to your blog post . 
flattered you followed me . i should warn you i consider myself libertarian and christian ... 
welcome 
abominable ! ! he who kills a man ... shall be deemed as though he killed all mankind . 
i know what i'm doing when i get home ! 
so true , and very troubling . 
part of the price of freedom is the possibility of hearing offensive material . irshad manji 
... who may be culturally white , but are labelled black , but embrace both parts of themselves ... 
... thus you can perpetually trample them . * joke to wrap up serious discussion ! * 
private . at least for me it would be . 
like erecting a strawman ? btw , happy thanksgiving ! 
for me the only time i'd be fine with it is for genocide and crimes against humanity . 
finished devoted ; hard to put down ! loved it ! was on the edge of my seat when rachel was on the computer . hope there's a movie . 
what's your habits tendency ? take this quiz and find out : !LINK! 
" : new post : when you feel a bit selfish for pursuing your calling !LINK! " this is awesome , inspiring ! 
... many throwing out the accusation of being a " jezebel " in those cases . in her book mentions facing that 
... also , since i value individuality , i resist an implied cookie cutter mold . i suppose we should say , " be who god shaped you ! " 
... then interpretations demonizing the other would be consigned to the dustbin . 
merci 
i love the way you encourage others on twitter , even though you have your own struggles 
" : this brought tears to my eyes !LINK! " 
i'm kevin , unofficial spokesman for prolifers in favor of contraception . i say make contraception accessible ... 
... now for the explanation : 1 thess 5:21 says , " test everything ; hold onto the good . " ; and 1cor 13:9 says we know in part 
... obviously that goes against the grain ( " guys shouldn't be pacifists " - - sexist comment ... 
say not to anyone who offers you salutation , " thou art not a believer . " ( surah 4:94 ) ... 
have you noticed that accusations of obama's being muslim seems like anti-muslim bigotry . 
welcome 
haha - - some just form opinions by the latter method 
#tweetyourfavoriteblock the one lady who blocked me evidently got a bunch of her friends to block me as well ! 
profound insight ! for me , it seems that rigid roles limit option ; you could have the world in discarding them 
absolutely not ! arti 
... #conventionontherightsofthechild is b / c of the fear spanking & homeschooling will be banned . 
... something , sadly , christians in usa don't have a reputation of doing well . :( 
vanguard vivian links to her list in her bio . enter your username to see if you're listed . 
... and in " bread & circuses " it's used when translating the jewish blessing over bread into latin : ... 
... he who hates with his feet sins " ) . also , i read on a french site the catholic church banned ... 
the lady i your site to is an atheist - - in one of her posts she cites the timothy passage as evidence of misogyny 
dr rien ! 
put their names / pics on your shoe soles , car pedals , ottomans - - thus you can perpetually trample them . 
#falsedichotomy ! love your thinking ! #outsidethebox 
... actually , as a christian , sometimes i wonder if christians should be skeptics . ( 1cor . 13:8- 13 ) 
i can't believe that guy ! did he really need to be a jerk ? 
not particularly ; i also want to live abroad . i was thinking uk , since it's still english speaking and perhaps less foreign ... 
#imachristianbut i go through times of doubt ; i get more upset than atheists over some of what my dear fellow believers do . 
... #christiancheese 
if you want to hear her side , she's dianna e . anderson . not giving her username , lest she come after me ! ... 
i sometimes get embarrassed when people ask me if i notice things from people's faces 
the verbcast by mark pentleton is a good podcast to learn verb conjugation 
i read the article , " 3 ways patriarchy hurts men " . as a man , i want to shout in a bullhorn : egalitarianism is good for men ! 
" man looks at the outward appearance ; god looks at the heart . " 
when it comes to purity culture , how did lds deal with " i kissed dating goodbye " & things like it ? 
... when i tweeted gungor to support the song , they said , " she's an angry one . " 
happy belated birthday ! 
something jesus was not a fan of . 
she's a girl , but says guys can use it and " read it for super-secret insights into us ladyfolk " 
sending good vibes 
the ideas about " not counting as a man " are arbitrary anyway . just be yourself ! 
even harder to express in 140 characters ! 
for info arguing " yes " and more historical views , !LINK! is good ... 
i mixed race myself ; at least on what i read , i find what she wrote helpful . ( i sent her a thread . ) 
welcome 
what do you like ? 
we cannot have one w / o the other . 
i think , based on her posts & how she responds to critics , the author is entj . 
thank you ! god bless ! 
something priced well , good quality , centrally located w / access to public transportation 
no ; i did make a peace / friendship offer , or at least an ally offer . 
when asked about homosexuality being a capital crime in iran ... 
being cishet i can say i'll never understand fully & know i can't be intellectually honest while talking like a know-it-all ... 
appalling ! 
well , the lady who posted it is pakistani and muslim . 
why am i on the list - - what did i do that was so cruel ? 
for me that means look away , get a snack , or have an excuse to bury my face in the long stack of books i have 
+ that's from erich fromm . 
#intpproblems accusations of trolling when you try to crack people's echo chamber 
already exists - - the shakers don't believe in marriage or sex . there are only a few left today . 
i so agree 
the first part of the refrain is the translation of my profile ; from an indonesian pop song 
in this case , i'm casting my vote with jared . i lean towards arminianism except for the legalism aspect . 
worse than the hireling of john 10 : in this case , he puts the wolf in charge of the sheep ! 
people in the 60s complained about the beatles ; the generation before that complained about jazz ! funny , is it not ? 
thanks ; it's from dr . cho in south korea 
... like dr . king said , " we need a tough mind and a tender heart . " 
i like a number of your posts . concerning purity culture , my hat is off to you - - you did a far better job than me ! 
... then i remembered grace , which but the brakes on my fear . but my whole story on religion is long . 
... when she finally contacted me , it was a somewhat hostile email . 
welcome . tells of his conversation to christianity to islam : the dern show mentions conversations to islam . 
... in some languages ( in scandinavia ) the holiday is called a cognate of yule . 
kinda like how neighbors of serial killers are shocked when they get caught ? 
at least you don't mind people's commenting on such old posts ! 
#kurdishlivesmatter ! 
point taken ! 
i've only sworn 2 times on twitter , so i'm on santa's nice list . yay ! find out if you've been naughty or nice at !LINK! 
... " blessed are you , lord our god , king of the universe , who brings forth bread from the earth . " ... 
yeah , unfortunately , we americans tend to do a poor job at distinguishing the gov from the people ... 
in germany it's reunification day . 
have you read hermann hesse's siddhartha ? ( the 1st secular novel i read for recreation ) . 
they have chicken noodle soup @ whole foods this morning ( w / nice big chunks of chicken ) ! yaaay ! 
every once in a while it hits people they don't have to experience the world the way they have been told to . alan keightley 
so true ; and they say you're the know-it-all when you try to look at it rationally . 
i read your master's thesis ; liked it . i'm glad you were ( and are ) able to teach 
yeah , i think it was fe that had me seeking forgiveness & friendship with the lady who blocked me . 
your “ deeply held religious belief isn ’ t biblical !LINK! via ” 
i consider myself libertarian as well ; my pro-life views exist because abortion deprives someone of their right to life 
since the construct of masculinity burns men as well , this sounds like a case of stockholm syndrome . #masculinitysofragile 
omg ! that is so sick ! 
great post ; wonder if they read about the " traditions of men " jesus warned about ? 
thank you for interacting with me ; i really appreciate it . 
and race to usa ! #blacklivesmatter #dalitlivesmatter #ahmadilivesmatter 
it's great when christians can laugh at their theological differences . ( i lean towards graham . ) 
" : see what our #presidentialcandidates have to say about poverty ... !LINK! " important stuff ! spread the word 
another pic from a pakistani on this 
... the situation if i kept trying to contact her . is this among common #intpproblems ? 
+ to understand perspectives beyond my evangelical upbringing ... 
... when i was in school ( my last year was 2003 ) homosexuality wasn't as widely accepted , so i didn't get the one liners on it 
i guess if i ever run for president , they'll probably attack me for my tweets . 
yesterday tweeted the process she went through to come to usa ( got some media attention ) 
i've read teaching others helps you learn 
something appalling and a recipe for disaster 
yep 
thank you for replying to my tweets ; i really appreciate it ! :) 
ad hominem means attacking the person instead of their argument 
+ even though the song comes from a christian perspective . ( i'm a christian myself . ) love the pic ! ! ! 
i've heard of these things ( like rts ) . also , there's #purityculture & #purityculturetaughtme . 
#istandwithahmadis b / c we each need to be able to seek god ourselves , a teaching existing in judaism and christianity as well as islam . 
i heard of that ( mainly in the warnings of neopaganism from fundamentalists ) 
what version of heaven were you raised on ? 
... everyone is in god's presence after death : damnation means experiencing it ... 
they didn't mention the internment camps for japanese and whitewashed apartheid . 
jory is egalitarian , which states men and women are equal in all areas . basically a counterpoint to the misogyny charges ... 
ex-homeschooled as well ! my #purityculture environment seems lax ; sleeveless shirts - - no problem ... 
expanding the pie : the art of non-conformity !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] 
... james dobson actually said something along those lines years back . 
i agree : as fromm said , " the ultimate choice given to man , in much as it is to transcend himself ... 
that's what i said ( or meant to say ) . sorry for that . 
may we be instruments of his peace ! 
secret from the inside : some are beginning to think the persecution narrative is ridiculous . * does shh finger * i didn't say :) 
i got 5 % nice , but really - - these aren't bad words either . 
either do i - - chastity and it takes two to tango - - i have no potential partners ! 
thank you for taking the time to explain things to me . 
that is still objectifying ! you're relating to people as " i-it " instead of " i-thou " 
sounds like common sense to me ! 
good point on the rights of the unborn in the discussion ! after all , before 1865 , slavery was a constitutional right . 
... " give us this day our daily bread " ; just get through the day , even if only a little gets done . you brought all that out ! 
when a group of people block you , you appreciate more those who talk to you ! 
love your enemies , for only love is capable of transforming an enemy into a friend . dr . king 
... personally , i have a black parent and a white one . culturally and physically i'm more white ... 
... or palestinians hating israeli policies but not giving people crap for being jewish ... 
i only began to exposed to this stuff recently . i'm still learning , trying to process it all , my experiences 
iheu | you can be put to death for atheism in 13 countries around the world !LINK! this violates #humanrights ! 
personally i'm reluctant to justify my ideas with " god said " , even though people do that + 
way cool ! pardon the comment on a 3 mo old tweet ! 
shy guys ? — dianna e . anderson !LINK! would this be something #intps face more than others ? 
: i try to keep an open mind . i'm a christian , but i listen to other views . i like + 
you asked about the pledge . trivia : some christians believe the pledge is idolatry ( most common , i believe , in the peace wing 
i just started 40 laws of love : a novel on rumi ( ); i shared a link to the 40 laws earlier 
happy guy fawkes day ! 
unfortunately ( at least in religious circles ) , the least rational hog the bullhorn . :( 
my friends my family hashem's sovereignty even in difficult times 
happy thanksgiving ! ! ! 
amen ! 
" : which idea do you think is more dangerous ? - !LINK! " atheist followers : thoughts on this , please 
thank you for saying it ! 
people who think like him , who think * they * are the only true americans ( tm ) , stuck in their #ingroupoutgroup biases ! 
... there is still societal pressure to conform to them ( esp in some fundamentalist circles ) ... 
creepy . yes , someone thought it was creepy when i commented in one of their conversations ( which they labelled " private " ) ... 
the #udhr guarantees freedom of religion , conscience , & belief ; which includes the right to change them . ( article 18 ) 
or , we can use the turkish " o " , meaning he , she , or it . pardon my comment on old post ! 
a royal mess ! ! ! 
hard to stay with one book for me as well ; i have pages of books on my kindle & a stack at home 
the urgency of a cosmopolitan ideal as nationalism surges !LINK! we need this , in an era of pc , cc , & us vs them politics . 
i'm thinking that for me , too , the traditional model won't work 
i think it was when i sent a long stream of tweets commenting on one of her blog posts ; she probably got overwhelmed 
btw , i'm sorry ; i gave you the wrong site : it's !LINK! . 
... and all who take it will burn in hell . yes , they actually believe these things . 
... please read the entire thread 
i don't get the issue ( except standing up for someone he thought was a jerk ) . i'm definitely having a spock moment . 
didn't start learning the bible until later . ( i do know the fatihah [ only in english ] , shema , & lord's prayer ) 
love your bio--i , too , care about human rights and making the world a better place . 
actually bible believing christians could be foulmouthed themselves 
st . barbara ? 
i don't know ; it's from exclusion and embrace ( ) 
sorry to drag you into that discussion - - over vanguard vivian's blockbot list ( i'm on it too ) ... 
* braces himself * i'll resist the urge to tweet the lord's prayer in an atheist thread ! do not look forward to this ! 
i tweeted the wild & precious life quote ; it got favorited by a pakistani follower . 
... again , thank you for handling it the way you did . btw , i'm reading your book on my kindle . 
if a westerner criticizes these laws , he may be dismissed due to #privilege . #adhominem 
... she doesn't want to hear from me . 
john stuart mill has an interesting take on this . 
while i have a good relationship with my father , i never lived with him ; and i'm not an atheist 
she thought my commenting to be creepy . 
" : god said , mohammad narrated . #islamonkindness #worldkindnessday !LINK! " i'm not muslim ; still beautiful 
yeah , twitter is pretty polarized ; a follower said she hoped ms . davis would poke her eyes out w / a cactus 
eid mubarak 
you mean the policy of trying to make them cis / het 
via and #starbucksredcup - !LINK! 
so true 
that is a common one-liner thrown out in abortion debates . 
welcome . 
... also interesting how in previous eras people used the bible to keep blacks enslaved . ( when the curse of ham isn't there ! ) 
the introvert's way to finding your purpose - !LINK! via #introvert 
welcome ; i think this will be useful when it's time for me to get married . now the 50 ' s model is so impractical . 
do any of your rightist family listen to michael savage ? 
the name of the article expresses my thoughts . 
lynching people for allegedly eating beef . ( #notallhindus ) militant hindus attack muslims and christians 
if you like fiction , i recommend hesse's siddhartha . it was published in 1922 ( eng trans 1951 ) ... 
i'm not a muslim , but i thought i read that the quran forbids muslims from calling each other " kafir " 
love your bio . " truth is not found in the thesis or antithesis but in the emerging synthesis reconciling the two . " hegel 
i read " jesus for president " a few years ago - - very inspiring ! 
again ? impressed you gave him another chance ! if my blockers gave me another chance , i'd be on my best behavior ... 
whoever has seen only one people does not know men ; he knows only the people with whom he has lived . #rousseau 
... i guess you don't trust the site ; but i'm into hearing both sides . so , please feel free to comment . 
is it just me , or is there a lot of cherry picking & arguing from authority on this issue 
left wing #politicalcorrectness is just as legalistic as #religiousfundamentalism 
wow , we had a great deal of leeway . the women @ church went to see ... 
... thanks for considering other cultures ( an interest of mine since 5th grade ) . this is partly why i don't insist on a virgin ... 
the infamous nice guys ( tm ) ? 
like your bio ! 
+ i also appreciate you wrote things i've been thinking for years - - i'm not alone ! i've never read eldridge ... 
put their names / pictures on your shoe soles , car pedals , and ottomans - - thus you can perpetually trample them ! 
maybe that's part of your calling to bring it back ; like many in church history , to challenge the status quo . 
probably blocked you through a block list 
... the people most opposed to jesus are the ones christian culture would be least likely to label " worldly " today ! 
poor attempt at humor , to try to make it a peaceful discussion 
the religious are just as convinced they're right ! thanks for insisting we play by the same rules ! 
sadly that just encourages islamophobes 
so , none of these will cause one to come off as creepy ? 
... their stories shouldn't be ignored . 
know thyself #philosophy 
i'm just too timid - - introverted ; also , raised in a strict environment in which that was strictly verboten 
... 2 ) there are things i want to do w / my life . i don't want to get stuck in any particular situation . thus my decision . 
... ( exact opposite of the right wing talk radio of the time ) , said essentially that on pbs's now 
... if we want to #protestpp , we need to reach out to these women , even as christ would . 
i was homeschooled with a beka . the science books had a chapter promoting yec , with cartoons promoting their point ... 
#imachristianbut i don't believe it should be crammed down everyone's throat 
then practice censorship just like the liberals they accuse ! 
+ i'm at the point that i'll be glad to find a partner that we can form a blessed alliance ( from #maelstrom by ) ... 
also , article 16 of the #udhr , that says marriage is a right , requiring only that couples be off " full age " and consenting . 
i didn't go to college ( don't recommend that course ); i've thought of going , but i'd be undecided as well 
" criticism a violation of free speech " ? uh , isn't it the other way around ? that is , free speech is the right to criticize . 
... in a way that incites gay bashing . morally , i disagree with anything setting up us vs them 
+ a change in fortunes can even change a person's racial perceptions . 
but only if they're white ! also , if said shooters are muslim , they're terrorists ! 
thanks ; well , surfing / the beach , pool / swimming just aren't my cup of tea ! .. 
how #politically incorrect ! ;-) 
... to the literal hellfire ( which i call the most literalistic view ) . in orthodoxy ... 
as the good lord said to joshua , " be strong and courageous . " if god is on your side , who can be against you . keep it up ... 
... is to create or destroy , to love or to hate " 
yeah , wait until january - - to refer to the song , the snow meiser rules that time of year . 
... the most literal view of hell being one of the most vexing dogmas ! !LINK! offers a case for universalism ... 
:) 
... sorry for my overreacting 
just take it out on a stuffed animal or a pillow 
if people did this , we wouldn't have the new atheists going around about how religion poisons everything & causes violence 
interesting , considering the bruhaha a few years ago ! 
... quite a contrast to doug wilson ! 
welcome . while i appreciate efforts of whites to prove they're not racist ( good for reconciliation ) ... 
" : 5 languages that could change the way you see the world !LINK! !LINK! " this is awesome 
$ 564.32 gone down from last time ! 
today reminds me of my homeschooled years . growing up in a single parent home , a lady from church homeschooled me ... 
from a follower , a way to start a discussion - - thus no offense taken . ( i think there's too much of that going around ) ... 
... i was homeschooled myself and i didn't get to go . i have since found out that my mom wanted me to go ... 
i'm not blocked , but she made it clear that if you are ... 
also , the chippendales . a decade ago my mom and i talked about this ... 
something vanguard vivian started ; over 20,000 users are listed . basically subscribers mass block people listed ... 
she posts users and their crimes with pictures of what they did . i don't know what i was accused of . 
" : “ isn't it interesting that all of the biblical prophets and psalmists were poets ? #eugenepeterson " too all #poets ” 
suggestion for discussion point : friendship . a coworker asked me my thoughts on it . 
tell me why the world is weird : future ? past ? it's all the same in purity land ! !LINK! i think this is important ! 
er , i mean ne ! ( spell check strikes again ! ) 
in hebrew אלהים ( elohim ) also refers to judges ( the rabbinic understanding ) . 
... namely , 3 homeschooled girls criticized the public schooled girls for not wearing shorts while swimming ... 
no head coverings in my environment . only 1 - piece swimsuits with shorts ( that was the battle i tweeted of yesterday ) 
thank you for talking to me and letting me follow you , and for following me . i appreciate it . 
i don't get it 
dianna e . anderson ( damaged goods ); she made it clear she doesn't want to hear from me . 
... it's a way to start a discussion : 1 thess 5:21 says " test everything ; hold onto the good . " ... 
i can see the privilege - - but dismissing someone b / c of privilege is an #adhominem . i'm more for cosmopolitanism ... 
i just read your posts on masculinity ; thank you very much . i've long been attracted to strong , smart women ... 
amen , especially since the people with a different perspective could say the same thing . 
another great quote from 40 laws ! 
... we younger ones ( i'm just out of that range ) appeal to courtesy but are accused of not being into it ... 
!LINK! even though these were written in the 13th century in dar al-islam , i find them relevant to the 21st century west 
will i ? by forough farrokhzad - persian poetry !LINK! a wonderful poem ; can't wait to be able to read it in farsi ! 
sorry , preaching over . it was supposed to step on the choir's toes ( even though they're not here :) ) 
remember , if it weren't for sex , none of us would be here ! 
if so , they're very shallow ! 
so sorry you had to go through that ! ! :( 
more quotes i love 
... for others , saying it isn't christian is offensive . same with lgbtqia . we are too flipping easily offended in usa ! 
another good one ! after all , birth is just the beginning ( an understatement ! ) 
i read your spiritual authority post to an irl friend ; he asked me to send it to his phone . 
i was on the edge of my seat when rachel was on the computer 
i find the highlighted portion very wise 
+ at least i read it online before going in guns a-blazing ! for me , the fe & me generally keep me from random debates . 
got it ! ! ! 
oops ! for me the trend towards insisting on " financial preparedness " seems antipoor . 
welcome 
... this is what caused me to realize the whole don't-cause-men-to-stumble line is flawed . 
what they seem to forget is they're hurting themselves . i once indicated that i feel it judgmental to reject nonvirgins ... 
so sorry . :( 
" : some of my best friends are drunks and sluts . !LINK! " signs with #thingsjesusneversaid 
yes , the bible says the same for me as a christian . a bengali hr activist said we need to critique hr violations where they occur 
which is where the incitement to violence comes in . being mixed race , i'm not for any of that . 
... any place where i could find said stories ? 
i have atheists , christians , jews , & muslim's following me ; leftists , rightists , others + 
!LINK! a good reminder since the race & gender debate ( as well as political campaigning ) is dominant by scarcity narritives 
so do i ( commenting on your bio ) . actually , i need to plan ; i'm just on the hope stage ( for travel ); always learning 
yeah ; even though the catholic church renounced that & many evangelicals support israel , that still exists ... 
sorry . 
i think i already freaked out a few people with some profeminist comments 
+ or , what they want jesus to do . 
is this part of the reason why some women are so harsh on us 
welcome ; will do 
translation of rt : open the schools ; you'll close the prisons . victor hugo 
... that they cannot respect girls who don't dress modestly . so contrary to john 4 & 8 ! 
... whatever the greeting is for jewish holidays , etc . ) 
great bio ; love combining " freethinking " with christian ( same here [ i may edit my own bio ] ); share some of your interests . 
for me , legalism is about how laws are used . 
yeah , i get that too 
problem they have there is to turn you away is to violate the hippocratic oath ( perjury ? ) ... 
lol ! thank you ! i think blocking due to disagreement is intolerant , closed minded , & irrational ... 
sounds like common sense ; i'll remember it ; & not be blinded by actually having a so . 
it gives the " why " ; gives the resources to make our case when we make radical decisions . 
i've heard from reliable sources that #pp gives cheap birth control & condoms ... 
still not married !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] i'm not jewish , but i find this very interesting ; thoughts , anyone ? 
indeed , people are equal , regardless of their nation , race , religion , gender , etc 
he called us the worst kind of slime . 
... it's punjabi for , " they call me kafir " [ infidel , heathen ] . 
i forgot until a half hour ago when i stopped at a gas station 
love your header ! 
the same one who didn't like the other lady responding to her old tweet ... 
ms . thorn's book really pushes the #purityculture envelope . her other book ( never read it ) would cross the line 
how do you feel about importing the danish method of meeting the opposite sex ... 
what does , " kafir kafir kende ne " mean ? 
i tweeted jared a link to zera yacob , a 17th cen ethiopian philosopher / theologian ; addresses issues discussed today 
let him quit ! personally the gender of my boss is irrelevant ; the question is whether the job is a good match 
#notallmuslims are terrorists . i hope people haven't been unreasonable ! god bless ! 
... i hope we can get past that . i appreciate your stuff , that you don't back down . 
... se asia probably has lower costs ( malaysia , i think , is partly english speaking ) 
even for people who do have issues w / their parents , isn't it an ad hominem to dismiss them because of that ? 
i stand #withmalala b / c education helps the poor , and helping the poor brings god's blessing . ( according to many religions . ) 
so she won't assume those who talk to her in the library to be creepy ? 
same here , still identify as xian , available to talk as well . 
welcome 
oops - - i meant article 18 of #udhr 
however stuff about a wife's higher libido leaked to me . #thankgod that idea goes against common sense 
main differences : moroni vs gabriel ; and did god have a body ( in islam a " yes " commits the sin of shirk , idolatry ) 
and downright stupid , petty , and shallow ! ! ! even if i'm not interested , i'd be flattered ; excited 
... i told him he's being irrational and arbitrary . 
also bought " the christianese dating culture " 
... in that people will think i'm trying to wrap bs in sparkly paper ... 
happy labor day , my fellow americans ! 
phenomenal quote in your bio ! so true ! 
" : #tbt : no , i am not interested in " punishing " women for having sex !LINK! #prolife #prochoice " so good 
success.bz : the carnegie secret to success !LINK! what do you all think ? 
if you would have used the " n " word instead of the " k " word , you'd be considered a #racist ! that is #bigotry ! 
i agree . one measure is the closeness of members of hated group and how bigoted and violent the listeners are . 
in her book confessions of a pick-up artist chaser states that both genders push boundaries ... 
is that any of your business ? 
... btw , i just bought faithfully feminist 
... even going to church . what would be the ground rules if you dated a christian ? 
the guillebeau article was posted to apply since privilege is often thrown out in discussions on race and gender . 
not supposed to ( * whispering * shh , don't tell ); there are even filters to block smut . 
many #thingsjesusneversaid 
i tweeted the " wild and precious life " quote ; a follower in pakistan favorites it ... 
eid mubarak 
welcome 
#notallmuslims are terrorists ! 
i've thought of that myself - - due to that , i often ( not always ) bend over with my knees instead of my waist ... 
i'm really sorry . :( 
a little bit ago you expressed interest in other religions . for info on the ahmadi sect of islam , check out ... 
interesting , as someone who grew up in #purityculture . i'm confused on your comment on finances , though . #autonomy #liberty 
neither was purple - - ancient kings wore purple 
happy thanksgiving ! 
beliefnet has a test you can take to find the best religion for you ... 
amen ! ! preach it ! ! take an offering . :) 
i'm having chinese with my mom and grandma ( who just had a b-day ) 
yeah ; challenges help us grow . as irshad making says , " part of the price of freedom is the risk of being offended . " 
i see that too . women may have a shorter end of the stick in beauvoir's " deal " ... 
i'm not a rape victim , but thanks for the empathy for my gender . 
lamin sanneh is another one ; don't forget dr . king 
i guess female strength is a good balance for the #intp let-me-be ... 
like dr . king says : have a tough mind and a tender heart 
... wouldn't giving one person that much power , according to that dogma , be a bad idea ? 
been in that movie ( was the lead actor ) . jesus never turned away an honest seeker . 
" conservative " refers to holding on to ; as in testing everything & holding the good ... 
i knew about somalia but not south sudan 
i second that - - happy thanksgiving to both of you ! 
yesterday i read libby anne's critique of evangelical conceptions of real men ( tm ) ... 
... she didn't like it when a lady commented on one of her posts from 3 months beforehand . 
do you plan on using stilettos as a weapon against us ? :-) 
fortunately my mom explained the female perspective to me ; i committed that when i got married , mutual satisfaction is the goal ! 
... also , the father needs to contribute his share . 
it's called liberty - - the right to find your way , rather than conform to arbitrary rules ! vive le liberté ! 
are you a patriarchy-hurts-men-too feminist or a feminism-is-only-about-ending-female-oppression feminist ? 
also the #consistentlifeethic is not the view of the hardliners of the religious right or the gop . 
... i can be rebellious at times ( which is a human right as long as it doesn't screw others ) ... 
i just want to say " thank you " . 
... maybe even mention that some christians don't believe in mixing church and state . 
untranslatable words and phrases | language news !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] many words of the day ! 
let justice roll like a river ; righteousness like a mighty stream ! 
personally , i value other things when it comes to marriage . 
social justice warriors : do not engage : how to make a social justice warrior !LINK! the last part is the best . 
keys to interpretation : it's all about jesus ; love god & others ; go back to the beginning 
thank you both ! ! ! i find their wage rhetoric highly demeaning to the poor ! 
for me , it was more of a nuisance , rather than trauma 
he who sets himself up as judge in the area of truth and right is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods . albert einstein 
welcome 
can we add their treatment of christians and bahai's as well 
i was raised by a single mom ; looking back , i feel i may have had it better than many w / both parents 
remember it's 11 somewhere in the world . 
loved your posts on egalitarianism ; i'm sorry about your previous marriage but glad your current one is working 
there will , no doubt , be christmas music playing everywhere explicitly mentioning jesus . 
and we wonder why everything is so screwed up , why people have issues ! 
now pcers want to ban - phobic as an ableist slur ( they feel it puts down people with phobias ) . seriously . 
... i only recently discovered the impact of purity culture on women ( at age 30 ! ) . i was shocked , horrified ; so sorry . 
... as a result , i remembered the old elms song , " real men cry " . one of the youtube comments said it encourages empathy . 
... esp being #intp ! 
yeah , and had similar ideas of racial supremacy ( confederates against blacks ; nazis against jews ) 
... i even use the literal translations of foreign idioms as a new way of expressing myself . 
i also like this prayer of rabbi nachman of bratslav : 
i can't remember the counterapologetic or our response ... 
sounds similar to people who claimed the bible justified racism against black people . 
souad hakim : ibn ' arabî's twofold perception of woman !LINK! #feminists : what do you think of this article ? 
who is hussain ? !LINK! with this being ashurah for shia muslims ( and having a shia follower ) ... 
i find the l'engle quote great ! from the case for faith ( ) i have other quotes in my pics 
i guess he wouldn't be happy with the galileo quote in my header ! forgot 1 tim 2:5 ... 
... others - - even when ( s ) he dissents and tries to explain why they dissent . no us vs . them or convo stoppers ! 
the quote or her comment ? 
first of all , i can reasonably assume you've already encountered that preacher ... 
i missed this hub bub - - my church friends will probably laugh at this ( and we'll label it " christian cheese " ) . 
agreed ! even socrates said to know yourself ... 
in the 1800 ' s the law said people could own slaves , and that blacks had no rights . 
40 laws of love again . how contrary to things under #purityculturetaughtme ! 
like the about you on your blog ! thanks for your love and critique of the christian faith ( something i can relate to ) ... 
" : if our christianity only makes sense in america it is actually americanity without the christ . " indeed , acts 10 & 15 
" : the world before social media : !LINK! " this wasn't that long ago ! 
it's one of mine . 
also , tweeted a pic with a translation of my profile pic . 
yep , oppression should be opposed wherever it exists and regardless of the perpetrators 
what language is the part of your bio not in english ( and what does it mean ) ? 
in-group / out-group bias - - something that can get messy ! the muslims get the same treatment ... 
people love to use sodom as a cheap shot - - what about ez 16:49 . 
thanks for sharing my stuff ! 
not respecting people's boundaries . 
travel and social privilege : the art of non-conformity !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] 
i totally don't agree with the rebel flag , but i'll defend even those i vehemently disagree with ... 
" : wanna laugh ? read our hatemail here . rt !LINK! " the duggar one frightens me ! 
i've been in that movie - - i was the lead actor ! 
i feel privileged they all are willing to follow . i even greet them on their holidays . 
translation of last rt : from the entire team : happy thanksgiving to all our american followers 
uh , even for nonaffirming interpretations , isn't this advice acting more like pharisees ? 
... more so than other belief systems , and as a preparation for the antichrist ... 
" : why do babyboomers ? ? ? !LINK! " some of these things are not #intp strong points ! 
... also , the blockbotters insulted good accounts ( 3 of the 5 you recommend are listed ): 
... i heard about the white house being evacuated . when i came out , she told me of the attacks . 
i guess if men are ants you can tromp on us ! :) have you seen #purityculturetaughtme ? it's from an evangelical view . 
i get ending the stigma against mental illness or disability ; but this is a bit anal ! 
could it be a case of projection ? 
in 2008 it was supposed to be clinton vs giuliani ( very wrong ! ) 
welcome 
... check out al-ghazali's deliverance from error ( similar themes ) & ibn-arabi . a famous poem of his : 
... a few recommended female role models from history : hypatia , st.mary , margaret mead . 
funny , the same debate has erupted in evangelical christianity here in usa ! #purityculture ; #modestyculture 
... and violations need to be called out , regardless of which country commits them ( usa , israel , pakistan ) 
i'm intp , but the t only slightly dominates the f - - the diplomacy & rationality go hand in hand 
+ and i'm privileged to have such a diverse base . i also have lgbt followers . 
živela revolucija ! 
i bought this over the weekend ; first read it 12 years ago . 
great quote in your bio ! 
i rtd an article defending free speech , that mentions identity politics & universal vision . made me think of " we are stronger " 
i shared the link earlier - - ranting about it . since i am a christian , the " christianese " is ... 
welt ging verloren , christ ist geboren . #weihnachten world gone lost , christ is born . #christmas 
i also liked rachel's continued faith . in case you have critics , as a christian , i do not find it antichristian ! 
i'm mixed race , but i avoid slurs of groups i do and do not belong to . the word " christian " is an example of that . 
so true ; the right does the very things they complain about concerning the left ! ... 
marvelous post ! we need to be who god made us to be , not be forced into cookie cutter molds ! 
... i rtd a post from ' s blog quoting miroslav volf on what turns religions violent . 
... maybe we're just stressing different points . :-) peace out . 
abortion 101 – laying a pro-life foundation « elijiaht !LINK! reasonable prolife argument 
i learned a lot through podcasts , a little through workbooks . i bought camus's l'étranger for my kindle . 
... and we need to #stopslutshaming , we need to offer women the assistance they need ... 
... i have a piece of trivia : the name of the country , panem , is the latin word for " bread " ( accusative case ) . 
thank you . that's one thing i agree with 
btw , the stuff they talk about in those accounts is very troubling ; check them out with caution . 
he did . 
+ like he says : 
i know where mauritius is ; and that's where the dodo bird lived . 
like mixing ice cream with bs - - ruins the ice cream tony campolo 
i was just saying i'd miss morgue ( an ) as well 
... he reacted in such a way to imply that i was being unreasonable . someone on twitter said i shouldn't marry because ... 
for me , evangelical / charismatic . i was cheering rachel on as she sought to learn & read . 
congratulations ! ! 
" : !LINK! " could we learn something here , if universally applied ? 
love your bio quote ! 
the urgency of a cosmopolitan ideal as nationalism surges !LINK! i find this informative 
since baptists tend towards literalism , since only noah's family survived the flood ... 
wow ! ! unbelievable ! ! 
i agree ; even then , it seems they misunderstand us . ( btw , i'm mixed race . ) 
this is why #politicalcorrectness & #identitypolitics are misguided . 
sad , isn't it 
i'll remember this ! 
... it has over 20,000 twitter users . you can subscribe to it ... 
" : !LINK! " i used to hear that a lot ! 
... testing everything and holding onto the good . as rick warren said , " right wing , left wing - - give me the whole bird ... 
" : aurora nasa [ dot ] gov #photography !LINK! " this is beautiful ! ! 
... he liked it and thought it ridiculous how upset people got over it ( after i read the post ) . 
and quit drafting god into conflicts and wars . 
... ( and i have the quran on my phone ); similarly , many christians want muslims to consider christianity ... 
great biblical reference in your bio - - from one of my favorite chapters ( esp vv 8-9 ) 
can be messy if , god forbid , muslims face an upsurge in hate crime violence . 
... maybe , for pronouns , we could use the turkish " o " , which means he , she , and it . 
you know , it's all lives matter in ' murica ; so say true americans ( tm ) ... 
so beautiful ! 
... there would be no protestantism if 500 years ago people stood by , " tradition " 
every country ( including my own usa ) needs to respect human rights ... 
... and i certainly do not agree that #starbuckshatesjesus , esp since the cups never displayed explicitly christian symbols . 
in english , god made women for more than kids , kitchen , & church . 
one guy at church even said he'd rather i date his niece than the boyfriend she had . ( i wasn't interested . ) 
... are behind those they accuse of legalism ! 
interesting perspective ; mixes eastern & western thought 
not dating 
yep ; my concern about not using the label " christian " is it will be seen as deceitful ... 
an prayer this #advent 
2 ¢ from cishet male : an extra reason is so that said girls can have a wonderful life ! 
loading … !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] another not commonly heard perspective ; #feminists , what do you think ? 
funny thing is that for fundamentalists , wicca is seen as something demonic ... 
interestingly justice ( deut 16:20 ) and peace ( ps 34:14 ) are two things we are specifically told to pursue ( along with love 1 cor 14:1 
and i learned not to beg for mercy even if it is your fault . 
no ( being christian i guess i can say that :-) ); i think it's kinda funny . people are too sensitive . 
there was a fire at the #baitulfutuhmosque ( ahmadi ) in london . interesting tweets on it 
even more frightening is thinking if that's how often abuse is reported , what about the unreported ? 
i read someone who said you're mainly required to respond when people ask about , " the hope you have in you " ... 
... may my nonchristian followers also have a peaceful holiday season ! 
... on balance , beyers naude , a beneficiary of the system and calvinist , denounced apartheid from the pulpit . 
well , as says , " we can't put god in our boxes " . i guess that makes god independent . :-) 
... before that , a tycoon . he got into debt then got his money back . 
kuala lumpur & melaka in malaysia ; bangkok ; singapore 
i've read some prochoice women feel that we prolifers don't care about them ; let's prove them wrong ! ! 
yeah , a guy at work comes off like you describe . 
+ the rabbis teach that the sodomites punished those who gave food to strangers . ( they say this is why they were destroyed + 
could you please forgive me . i know i did wrong , i just want to do the right thing . 
for me the trend tow 
translation of rt : if anyone here still had doubts . 
he'll make fox seem liberal . ( he accused fox of going leftward . ) 
haha :-) that was due to the amaditalks lady you debated--vivian got their gang to block you ... 
i'd lean towards should decide 
... including a lot of people i follow & are great . i've also been seeing who else ... 
... speaking to one another in psalms , hymns , & spiritual songs " . keep up the good work ! 
put the names / pics of the haters on your shoe soles , your car pedals , your ottomans - - thus you can perpetually trample them . 
... thus , i could ease into it . i like germany b / c of low college costs ( considering going back to school ) ... 
read your post on the ideological closet . for a long time i kept questions to myself as well . my name is kevin , glad to meet 
muslims may become the world's biggest religious group after 2070 , says a new pew report - the atlantic !LINK! 
beautiful ! ! 
this christian man is beginning to see it . 
a millennial , like me ! 
i don't know if you'd be interested ; if you are , i just rtd a rt of a new follower concerning homeschooling in france 
... and using friends to circumvent is " boundary crossing " . ) however , some of the blocked are very nice ... 
me 3 ; even though i'm african american , not romany ; fair skinned , assimilated . 
wow ! i've heard that more times than i'd like . ( ideally it would never happen . ) 
thus , you could perpetually trample them ! 
jeers to that law ! #freedomofpress #freedomofreligion #freedomofspeech 
i agree with kelley : 5 stars ! 
great post . as a guy , i don't exactly know what " man up " means ; sometimes it seems arbitrary ... 
when you were a fundie , were there any black people at your church ? 
love your bio ; makes me think of eph 5:18- 19 " don't be drunk with wine , this is excess ; but be filled with the spirit ... 
" : science the new religion !LINK! via !LINK! " what do you think ? 
if jesus is a feminist , i am too : how free women changed the world ( part 2 ) | jory micah !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] 
check out article 16 , part 2 of #udhr 
just put the names or faces of said strangers on your shoe soles , car pedals , ottomans you have ... 
some feminists fear too much male involvement only reinforces female oppression . :( 
send this to the presidential candidates ! ! 
ha-ha ! absolutely ! also a #90skid ! 
my millennial pledge : when we're the older generation , i will not talk down to the younger generation ( 1 ) 
i guess i should be glad i joined only twitter ! 
did you read the comments ? the blogger dismissed the fact that his post is legally abuse ... 
interesting point - - the right beat the respect-the-government drum when bush was in office , not so under obama . 
wonder how he explains deborah . 
i was proud to be part of last night & #8217 ; s protest & #8211 ; until it turned ugly !LINK! via 
this , and not putting christmas symbols on a red cup is antichristian ( tm ) ! 
especially when i have supper tonight ! 
+ old antisemitic lines inciting pogroms , or someone preaching against homosexuality ... 
good job 
i wish it were so ! the issue with that is the fact that socialism is not #politicallycorrect ; ... 
to help socially awkward #intps , is useful . interesting stuff on her site . 
like hegel : truth is in neither the thesis nor the antithesis but in the reconciling synthesis . 
o . k . 
seems like people have a hard time letting introverts be ! 
#thingsjesusneversaid if you lose your virginity , you're damaged goods , a piece of chewed gum . #purityculture 
happy birthday if i forget 
the test of the morality of a society is what it does for its children . dietrich bonhoeffer 
no 
yep ; like hermann hesse says , " when you hate someone , you hate something in you ; what's not part of us doesn't bother us . " 
... and it seems with the polarization in our society that mixed people get overlooked 
... i admit a major reason was i saw that as actually giving me a chance . ( long story . ) ... 
persecution of romany 
a pakistani i interacted with posted this pic 
i can see that in me 
... that way , same sex couples could still get their licenses but people like davis don't have to issue them . will that work 
what about the right to life ? 
... she wrote the book , damaged goods , critiquing the evangelical " purity culture " . she has many good points . 
put the names / faces of the no hymen folks on your shoe soles , car pedals , ottomans - - thus you can perpetually trample them ! 
... mine not so . old time pentecostals consider many things sinful 
danke , herr doktor freud ! 
never dated either ; for me , it's lack of opportunity ( long story ; way more than 140 characters ! :) ) 
... marital rape in 1215 . btw , the talmud reference is from eruvin 100b . 
yeah . well , the debates will be fun if you want to count logical fallacies ! 
thanks 
things would be better for all if people people knew that ! 
they do ! ! ! check out the tl of ayeshaspeaksnow 
as a believer in human rights and justice , i shout to the world : #istandwithahmadis 
congratulations ! i only got in smartphone land in march ; joined twitter at the end of april . 
my mom thinks it's obnoxious and doesn't see the point . ( she has some old school views . ) 
just bought the book on my kindle . unfortunately i buy books faster than i can read them ! :( 
i can do that . i'll remember what you say for anyone trans i encounter irl as well . 
... personally i don't adhere to those religions , but i find it to be a radical idea in our society . ( love it . ) 
let me guess , due to being ahmadi ? 
i'd be in the i-only-hear-of-the-debates-from-twitter sect . :-) 
... but like an avalon song , " don't save it all for christmas day ! " 
... it was at the request of someone i follow ( the one for security ) . i actually hate blocking , so only for security . 
well , i , too , am an aspiring writer . you wrote more than i have in a long time . this describes me : 
just bought it ! 
loved the higher education article . i heard that americans can benefit from germany's no tuition by passing a german test ... 
... and the muslim minority in myanmar ( burma ) faces repression from the buddhist majority . 
bought chicken soup at #wholefoods - - look at those big pieces of chicken ! ! 
" here is something i found , food for thought for your detractors . !LINK! " 
even if this were a different subject matter this would be just plain anal ! 
especially for non-muslims 
" : !LINK! " so simple , yet so practical ! ! ! 
why is it i have christians , jews , muslims , atheists , lgbt , prolifers , and prochoicers following me ? ... 
... also , @ / diannaeanderson has a critique of the song on her blog . personally , i like the song . 
... the former president said homosexuality doesn't exist there as we have it here 
i get your point : that the dichotomy he set up erases white muslims ... 
definitely ; has taken heat for not being pc . 
thanks for being willing to talk to us last night ; i consider it informative and like to see it as productive 
i got the sense that when it came to dating / marriage , interracial was fine , as long as the person is a christian ... 
beats what i do - - monster energy drinks . i know , extremely unhealthy . 
welcome ! thanks for replying ! 
put their names & faces on your shoe soles , car pedals , and / or any ottomans you have . thus , you can perpetually trample them ! 
fortunately i got wind of the secret ; my mom and i also talked about these things . thanks for posting , helping men & women . 
well , since you're an atheist , i guess i should be flattered you said god bless . 
to add to it : if you follow them ... terminate ! terminate ! terminate ! * sirens blare * 
even some of their kids who remain evangelical hold it more lightly than their parents 
... i think a lot of it is based in identity politics . however , blacks do stand for whites in this 
i heard something about eid al-adha having a peace / forgiveness theme . " we are stronger " ( ) is a related song ... 
i explain it in the thread - - different interpretation from the bullhorn crowd . :-) 
wasn't the quran revealed to someone illiterate ? 
but there are also religious views opposed to violence , oppression , and bigotry . 
#tweetyourfavoriteblock only one block ( but only following ): ; it was my fault i'd like to #tweetmyapologies sorry , dianna 
advent begins today ! to all christian followers : as we remember christ's coming may you have a peaceful holiday season ! ... 
welcome 
sorry if i already sent you the quote . 
that's one reason i like theology . 
i played " we are stronger " for a black friend ( someone i've known most of my life ); ... 
i would never tweet smut 
maybe we should speak turkish - - one pronoun , " o " - - he , she , it . 
isn't the blasphemy law also used against christians ? pakistan , allow #freedomofreligion ! #istandwithahmadis 
how do we ruin things ? ( i grew up sheltered . ) 
i liked your latest post ( i'll check out some of those podcasts . ) french etc . also has good podcasts ... 
absolutely ! even john stuart mill , who had a " anything goes " view of free speech ... 
good night 
" : zadie smith's 10 rules of writing : !LINK! via " i found some more tips 
go #malala ! and god bless your work ! 
... i don't know on other positions . the podcast unbelievable ? has discussions on many issues 
another persian learning resource is easypersian . com 
... a know-it-all . he's throwing out all kinds of straw man arguments . he thinks judgment is coming due to all this ... 
... and what will cause usa to fall . btw , the rabbis say sodom's main sins were social , not sexual ( inc the nonaffirming ones ) . 
... and god credited job for being honest . 
i just glanced at your site - - guess i'm young at heart . :-) i'll check out some of your books . 
problem with alligators is some people eat them ; #awkward 
i think i may put it towards the top of my language learning list ! ... 
has a good book on 10 voices we shouldn't ignore . ( like it so far ! ) 
the naapc one ? 
here's a list of books i've started but haven't finished 
me neither ; but a lot of times i'm up late surfing the web , tweeting , watching youtube videos , etc 
ever since i found out i was listed , i've been checking out who else is there ... 
... ( @ / diannaeanderson ) about a guy who wouldn't listen ... 
thanks for the post ; for i'm a mbti fan . ( i'm intp . ) mbti is a great means to help understand each other . 
... thus , according to the rabbinic understanding of deut 4 , saying god is black or white is idolatry ( strictly forbidden ) 
... and i alluded to it ; thus , i can argue i preached it . there are other views ... 
absolutely not ! they're saying people shouldn't be forced into roles solely b / c of their gender ( including men ) . 
exactly . 
yep , like the tl of ayeshaspeaksnow 
i'm guessing that applies to the muslim version of ishmael being the sacrifice ( otherwise similar story ) ... 
sorry . :( 
... even the youth leader encouraged restraint on the policing . they also alerted guys on when to look away 
yeah ; that lady i mentioned to the other day is smart and i find her attractive ... 
... for the really difficult ones , tromp on something that makes noise , like they're begging for mercy . 
i do you think that egalitarianism / complementarianism exist in a continuum , esp in pentecostal circles ... 
my own state is on the list ; i'm probably gonna be subjected to the antirefugee rhetoric ... 
40 laws of love 
sadly , many on the right respond to #pc with their own brand of it ! libertarians seem more consistent . 
good job , mr . smith ! this helps erode stereotypes and biases ! 
someone who believes only god the father is god ; they believe jesus is savior 
you @ - ed them ; the block-means-leave-me-the-f * * * - alone camped will be ticked ! :-) 
welcome 
you as well 
my books are stacked like hers as well . 
they have ; no hitler salutes , no holocaust denial 
8 reasons to be thankful you ’ re an introvert - !LINK! via 
#istandwithahmadis , though i'm not pakistani and am american , b / c human rights are for all , everywhere ! #ahmadis violate no one's rights ! 
there are conspiracy theories that obama is trying to set up martial law ( a lot of it is persecution complexes ... 
i finished 40 laws of love : a novel of rumi ( ); loved it , tweeted quotes from it ! 5 stars ! 
interesting comment in your bio , " anti-pc everything " - - does that mean regardless of whether it's leftist or rightist ? 
... ms . anderson emailed me threatening to escalate the situation if i kept trying to contact her . 
well you got a point ( and i support #consistentlifeethic ) 
are you a patriarchy-hurts-men-too feminist or a feminism-is-only-about-ending-female-oppression feminist ? 
at least i don't have to fear getting maced if i met you in person . lol :) 
... politics , gender , sexual orientation , opinions on such issues . i think i have culture war weariness . 
vanguard vivian's block list : her bio has a link to it ... 
... in #latin . later i went to wikibooks , downloaded the textbook . now , i'm learning #latin . just @ - me if you want practice . 
... it was my 1st secular novel as recreation 12 years ago @ 18 . about a young man finding his way in buddha's time . 
thanks for the like & rt . the left & right are equally bad with offense - - consider the blockbot we're on . ( lol ! ) ... 
if you want your pound of flesh , you can't take even one drop of blood ! 
the thing about a home stay is my being 30 ; i guess a hostel or b & b 
... and everyone around them is offended , who's responsible ? * a decent human being * respects the rights ... 
#notallmuslims are terrorists ! i hope people have been reasonable with you and your family ... 
love your quote on offense : i just tweeted it . ( probably got you blockbotted ! :-) ) 
in her book mentions the judgment the church gives women who get pregnant , something that helps #pp ... 
... personally , i have christian , muslim , jewish , and atheist followers . generally pleasant interactions + 
love it - - pcers blame the person causing the offense--problem is that's highly subjective ... 
" : bilingualism and the brain : how language shapes the way we process information !LINK! " i like this ! 
according to some clerics , it'll make your hand pregnant in the next life 
... thank you for the series ; i find it helpful . btw , are there alternatives you'd recommend to wild at heart ? ... 
timely quote ! ! the band gungor did a song , " we are stronger " . a lady argued for 2 hrs b / c she thought it came from privilege + 
happy thanksgiving ! 
... the bible mentions god's name being blasphemed among nonbelievers due to the behavior of believers 
yep 
well , fortunately for those of us with bubbles , there's a lot of talk about respecting boundaries ! 
so politically incorrect ! ! i lot of people i know would cringe , decrying the decline in respect ! 
yes ; info on all three 
great article - - funny how he says " men aren't domesticated " but then insists they be confined by gender roles ! 
would my suggestion be an insult in iran ? 
certainly . 
i'm not morning ( this surprises people ); i can get going once i'm up ; but getting up is the challenge ! 
i know it's been a while since we interacted ; but i want to thank you for your willingness to interact and respond . 
... one day in youth group , tensions erupted due to the homeschooled girls policing the public schooled girls ... 
happy new year ! 
love the book by malestrom which explores the damage of #patriarchy to men . ( recommended by ) 
history ; in centuries past it was a cultural melting pot 
... she called me creepy when i commented in one of her convos ( which she called , " private " ) . i apologized ... 
i'm hardly here 
... complimented . ( one lady seemed nervous , though . ) many complimented me back , one said it made her day ... 
how long ago ? in 2007 , he indicated a willingness to allow even lgbt in government 
sending good vibes 
isn't the culture defense the same one rejected as a defense of segregation here in usa ? ... 
reform judaism adopts transgender rights policy !LINK! what do you think of this ? 
and for singles , prayers for a spouse ; for those of fundamentalist background , maybe sign up for online dating 
so i'm guessing you don't spank them ? 
the very ones who cried " no sharia ! " in this case are the same ones crying that christians are persecuted . 
welcome 
... the lady who blocked me argued with the guy for 2 hours on twitter because she thought him privileged white cishet guy + 
" : a good model to explain gross national happiness see the attached photo !LINK! " this needs exported ! 
love it ! hope you don't mind my commenting on such an old post ! 
i see @ / chuckoneil _ got it from a traditionalist catholic yesterday - - @ / islam_stryder will also be a match . 
welcome . 
what would be creepy in your view ? 
i just want to apologize for my behavior in your tl yesterday ; i think i get where you're coming from . 
your tweet reminds me of this passage from celebration of discipline ( ) 
apparently he hasn't read ex 21:10 ! 
when they get prosecuted , they carry out theatrics to stall the trial , throw out #tuquoque arguments , and whine ... 
a good way to find french podcasts is changing the country in the i-tunes store 
i'm #intp 
... i think it was a response to my tweet that it's immature , closedminded , and irrational to block merely due to disagreement . 
... pardon my long posts ; thanks for the contribution and sharing your story . 
+ seems to refer to rejection of chastity rules . they also use this to determine who's a true christian ( tm ) ... 
even if a woman were in a burqa , men would find a way to lust after her . 
welcome ; i really love the tournier quote ! remember , jacob became israel by wrestling with god ... 
welcome 
not saying there's no privilege , but thanks for being a voice of reason . 
pentecost survived , pentecost received | zach j . hoag !LINK! this is awesome ! ! being charismatic , i can relate to it . 
and mine is black , so she doesn't need convincing . i 
haha ha ! :-) one thing i can say : previews for god's not dead 2 make me cringe ... 
would you believe a few years ago glenn beck quoted the jefferson quote in your bio ? 
... also learning turkish , russian , and farsi 
yep ; like when somali cab drivers ( muslims ) wouldn't carry passengers w / booze . 
the #meaningoflife is to find your gift ; the #purposeoflife is to give it away . a !LINK! user 
especially at this time of night . :-) 
... but not with bullying , cramming views down their throats , threats of hell , etc . 
some of the women who also went to #pp were less impressed w / planned parenthood ( which they felt offered inferior care ) . 
... stop arguing from ignorance , people . 
some can't even get out of the sanctuary after church before they start dropping 4 - letter bombs ... 
... the thread is a discussion with a couple of my followers on calvinism . 
like your honesty in your bio . i don't know if anyone has their stuff together - - some only fake it better ! 
... i'd be rich ! 
born saturday 
... b ) save it for spider collectors ( like my one friend ) . 
" : he who loves to govern , rather than to do good , is no true governor . augustine " message for the presidential candidates ! ! 
being mixed race , i want to tell you i liked your post on #blacklivesmatter . thanks for your willingness to reach out . 
... for me , being mixed with fair skin , i don't face racial issues in public . my policy is like the ahmadi slogan of love to all + 
all that is left to us by tradition is mere words ; it is up to each of us to find out what they mean . ibn-arabi ( 1165-1240 ) 
it's the one on " cis " and " fis " - - seen as anti-trans . vanguard vivian's list ( i'm on it too ) ... 
... we went from 90 ' s to regretting not wearing a jacket in the morning in a week and a half ! 
+ so i keep an open mind . 
amen ! 
" : this is beautiful . #africa #love #forgiveness !LINK! " this is quite a interesting perspective ! 
thank you for being so nice and being willing to talk to me , for letting me follow you and for following me . i appreciate it 
from the new guy : o . k . 
and every christian , jew , atheist , agnostic , sikh , hindu , buddhist , and every other belief ! 
#falseanalogy see , we have persecution complexes with each other as well . appalling . 
we have this going on while people in the church slam muslims as misogynistic ! 
the rabbinic interpretation doesn't stress homosexuality ( which is also debated among jews ) ... 
from the account i deduce , concerning how to be addressed , not candy ! candice or ms . rada ? 
great one ! ! ! 
thank you 
these should be under the purity culture hash tag . 
i actually speak no indonesian ; my best foreign language is french . but w / language learning , the #intp no-finish strikes 
... among people i know ( both white and black ) i'm viewed as black . culturally i'm more white , but i choose both . great videos 
i like the fact it makes fun of everyone . 
that's because people want extravagance ; probably can do a courthouse wedding for 3 figures . #simplicity ... 
... interesting that pro-life is associated with religion when there are religious prochoicers & secular pro-lifers 
sorry i misunderstood . 
maybe i'll find my true love there . 
i'm so sorry that happens to you 
i got that ; but , being a reader , i also read more measured views ( fortunately ) . 
... one lady tweeted that twitter's being public doesn't mean reading her tl isn't crossing boundaries . 
things money can't buy ( like love & happiness ) are the most important things . maybe bhutan is smart w / #gnh 
just read your story - - thanks for sharing ! 
... so sorry , hannah . 
... that they'll offer an implant to give immortality that will actually be the mark of the beast ... 
... she'll get really tweaked if you insist on trying to contact her 
... hitler supported ultranationalism , believed only some are worthy of life , tried to force a cookie cutter mold . 
i like the about section of your blog ! horrifying that girls aren't encouraged in individuality ( downright obscene ! ) ... 
welcome back ! ! ! 
7 ways to discern subtle false theologies !LINK! via i find this inspiring 
... fear it will ban spanking and homeschooling . 
they followed me ; maybe they found you through people we mutually interact with ? 
i stayed up late just to hear leno and letterman talk about it . 
i stand #withmalala because the #udhr says education is a human right & is a good means to escape poverty ! 
followed ! they and i have something in common : bloxkbotlisted ! :-) 
yeah , they always complain about our entitlement , lack of respect , selfishness , laziness ... 
... !LINK! has a great post on this . 
was on your site . i've flirted with pacifism a number of times . the gender roles thing explains why " wild at heart " ... 
i totally agree with kelley ! 
concerning peace from a christian view , check out " we are stronger " by ... 
are you patriarchy-hurts-men-too feminists or feminism-is-only-about-ending-female-oppression feminists ? 
i'm a christian , not a muslim , but i love your tweet . eid mubarak ! 
so sorry about the rape ! ! thank you for choosing life and sharing your story . 
" : human value and the atonement : a reply to !LINK! " what do you all think ? 
" if you do the work of a prophet what you need is not a scepter but a hoe " st . bernard of clairvieux 
life and death in a troubled teen boot camp | rolling stone !LINK! a case of abuse , if you haven't seen it 
just sad that sex abusers could be put in a place to harm more people ! 
... many fundamentalists see their losses in ssm and religious support for it as a sign of the end times ... 
also , i wish people good for their holidays ( e . g . , eid mubarak to my muslim followers ... 
the blogger lady seems to have gotten a few of her friends to block me as well . 
welcome to both tweets ! 
and celebrated about the time of a jewish holiday . :-) 
... and i remember the line from siddhartha about samsara & nirvana ( in light of pain being a part of life ) ... 
that's what happened after ms . anderson blocked me . didn't want my begging for mercy either . 
also , as a bonus , men's options increase when beauvoir's deal is renegotiated . 
everywhere , if possible . uk , france , germany , korea , southeast asia , etc 
#notallmuslims are terrorists ! may god protect you from the asinine ! salaam ! 
yes . 
to all christians : with the dugger rt , where have we lost our way ! ! ! let us examine our ways ( lam . 3:40 ; 1 cor 11:28 , 31 ; gal . 6:4 ) 
... even though rabbinic understandings are interesting . one claims abe misunderstood , that isaac was only to be brought up 
my personal view is that john stuart mill had it right : the state has the * duty * to intervene ... 
you mean decent man ( tm ) . not everyone is so shallow ! #notruescotsman 
check out the game dirty minds : provocative clues , clean answers #hushyourdirtyminds never played the game 
only know about it because my twitter feed is full of tweets on it ! when done tweeting , gonna read or do languages ! 
yesterday i tweeted that rebellion is a human right ( unless it screws others ); someone in the convo now hates me ( long story ) 
i'm really sorry for my behavior last week , for the long string of tweets i sent . i don't want to make enemies 
not the lady who sent me the email ; cactus lady is very nice to me . 
phenomenal quote in your bio ! ! 
just rtd a tweet from an ahmadi muslim follower on the benefits of learning about other religions . what do you think ? 
i get the case for privilege , but that is an unevenly distributed pie . i'm more of an expand the pie type . 
in thor they changed from the norse mythology : no mistletoe practical jokes . 
oops ; i asked forgiveness of the one lady ; she made it clear she doesn't want my trying to contact her . 
... also read lee strobel ( former atheist ) who warned against the in-your-face / bullhorn / wave-your-bible approach 
how are they treated in iran ? 
don't let the far right know that - - talk radio calls that treason ( despite freedom of thought ) . 
#coloradospringsshooting " he who takes a life destroys a universe " " they that live by the sword shall die by the sword . " ... 
i know we're not muslim ; but i like this . 
" : !LINK! " could you believe this ? most outlandish thing i've read in a long time ! 
1 pet 5:3 " not domineering over those in your charge , but being examples to the flock . " 
yes ; 1 sam . 16:7 
... i think this is very important when the popular response is to hunker in trenches w / paranoia & lob cheap shots ... 
i also ! 
welcome 
thank you for replying to my tweets , for following me , and for letting me follow you - - i really appreciate it ! 
getting blocked by that lady and her friends has given me a new appreciation for everyone who talks to me & follows me . 
you know , the poo-pooers didn't really pay attention , it seems . your article is very fair & reasonable ... 
not that i remember . it's just that some churches consider movies sinful ... 
as someone mixed race i appreciate your standing up to white supremacy , even when it's your mom ... 
so do i 
put those guys names / faces on your shoe soles , your car pedals , your ottomans - - thus , you can perpetually trample them ! 
are you referring to the business insider article , that this all results from the diamond industry's successful marketing ? 
look ! - نگاه کن - احمد شاملو by ahmad shamlou !LINK! i love this poem ! still learning farsi ! 
they wanna date sl * ts ( tm ) and marry virgins ! makes no sense to me ! 
" ' cultural context ' only flattering egos " ! ? - - i'm sure even he will accept " cultural context " concerning slavery ... 
i also read your huffington post article . do ( pro ) feminist men in islam get a lot of grief ? 
dukkha - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia !LINK! desire , craving , attachment is seen as the cause 
... both sites give lists of churches adhering to their position . ( i guess you're not interested in either . :) ) 
thank you for speaking up for those who don't share your religion ! we need more of that . 
radicaaalll ! yep , that's why i got an account . but the block bot did get me a follower . 
... i guess i'm more antony ( stand by a friend ) than brutus ( stand by the state [ or your tribe ] and betray your friend . 
... like , i'm evangelical , and i find more #politicalcorrectness in this than in what #starbucks is doing . #christiancheese + 
or , maybe a nice guy ( tm ) . :-) 
great for teaching logical fallacies , cognitive biases , and heuristics , though ! 
if in vino veritas , then make your own . picture the faces of said offended believers on the grapes as you stomp them . 
welcome ; a man at church acknowledged male responsibility when i brought these things up . 
absolutely ! usa , uk , and every other country should stand against ahmadi persecution as well ! 
do you think #intps are less likely to see maturity as important for marriage than other types ? 
yep ; as and say , " if you're right , you have nothing to ... 
did you get to attend any a-bomb memorials in japan ? #peaceday 
" : there can be no progress without free speech . the brilliant . !LINK! " needed in an era of #pc 
... vivian get really tweaked if you try to contact her after being blocked . her bio includes a link to her block list ... 
my coworker just ranted and raved about how stay-at-home dads and working wives ; and complaining about feminism in movies ... 
#imachristianbut i don't believe a woman is " damaged goods " for losing her virginity . 
... so , when resentment became evident , the youth leader had us gather around to talk it out . ( we guys sat in silence ) ... 
... this sets up everyone for broken hearts . 
yep ; heard that one , as well as katrina & lehman brothers 
i see your point . humility ? there was an article on kurt willem's blog on that ... 
translation of rt : we must live together as brothers or die together as fools 
... after i finished it , i made sure to @ - ms . mathieu to make it clear i don't consider the novel antichristian . 
forcing people into cookie-cutter molds - - again ! #masculinitysofragile 
" : no problem at all . humanity binds us all , irrespective of religion . " muslims do speak up for xians ! ... 
according to xian fundamentalists , both deception & leading the way to the antichrist's 1 world religion ! 
welcome 
to you as well ! not jewish either , but know a little hebrew . 
that is so nice ! i really appreciate that , since it's not a belief you share . 
she said i was being creepy and she'd be forced to escalate the situation if i continue to try contacting her . 
sorry about all your drama . :( 
no - - you see , the feeeminists attacked the * gollum voice * " precious " patriarchy :-) 
later he posted this : 
" biblical " " manateehood " is downright cheesy ! * singing * : " tradition ! tradition ! " 
but when it comes to #rapeculture they say , # notallmen ; and racism : #notallwhites . #ingroupoutgroupbias 
productions that entertain w / o elevating the soul are mere spectacle ( the lowest , least important , most dispensable element ) #aristotle 
i grew up culturally more white than black . ( i'm also fairer skinned [ see pics ] ) . nearly all my friends are white ... 
bosnian-american tweets recollection of coming to the u . s . as a refugee !LINK! via story of 
i turned 30 this year as well . sorry for commenting on such an old post ; i just liked it 
the syrian refugees are a good example of who's persecuted ; but for many , coming from a war zone doesn't qualify 
... 2 ) i started questioning my religion at 18 , realizing there's more to the world than the church bubble ... 
a tough mind and a tender heart . 
" : about weddings ? the average wedding costs 5 figures " something intps wouldn't be into ! 
... i remember asking my mom how to not go to hell . she had me say a prayer . as a teen i feared hell ... 
teshuvah - kabbalah , chassidism and jewish mysticism !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] i'm not jewish but find it inspiring ! 
you mean the " jesus only " group ? 
i'm mixed race . thank you for standing against racism . 
bizarro world that there are women promoting this & men opposing it . 
where to start | ethiopian philosophy !LINK! i heard about zera yacob a while ago ; i find him interesting ... 
mainly referring to people who block merely due to disagreement . #rationality #openmindedness 
liked your post - - gonna check out the podcast you mentioned . 
that's a tough one . muslims are the most popular targets against such blatant speech ; i don't know how common attacks are 
no that is not #politicallycorrect ! they get offended by the latter due to " privilege " ... 
great line about passion for #humanrights ( that's why i have udhr in my bio ) . 
amen ! 
jesus would have met with kim davis and gene robinson !LINK! another good one - - an oasis in the culture war desert ! 
i think so 
happy new year 
the wisest man pointed out that refusal of correction is not the path to wisdom ! 
i actually read the document myself - - i thought the concern would be over teaching tolerance + 
... also , 1 cor 13 says we know in part . as an atheist follower pointed out 40,000 sects all think their interpretation right . 
the vanguard article is , sadly , not the only place you see that . ( islam faces the same charges . ) jory micah's blog is good ... 
especially since governments have been lying for millennia ! 
maybe she means the big shots , or is referring to bonuses 
" : working longer hours increases stroke risk , major study finds - !LINK! " #metroboulotdodo 
either do i 
cool ! wonder what type ms . anderson is . 
welcome 
translation of rt : dt 34 : how can we see god ? follow god where he leads ; that there is to see him . from gregory of nyasa 
did you hear a cleric explain the saudi female driving ban ? if not , i have a link in my posts . tw : rape & extreme stupidity ! 
go to vanguard vivian's bio , click on the link , then put your username in to find out . ( i am listed . ) 
appalling ! 
... i also think it's more in line with the gospel to give whites the benefit of the doubt & work together ... 
maybe i should tweet people in convo with him & not try to follow . 
amen ! preach it ! take an offering ! 
make the girl character save the guy ! 
do you think we're more likely to come off as trolls or creepy than other types ? 
#arkadaş , kendin olmanda sana sınırsız örzgülük tanıyan kişidir a #friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself ... 
my condolences over your loss 
i agree ; fortunately not so much irl . a lady blocked me after i had an extrovert moment in response to her blog + 
you mean more of a dismissing it as irrational ? 
love your bio ! ! ! - - i can so relate ! 
... the ahmadi motto : love for all , hatred for none . 
looking nice . ; ) 
... also , not all feminists are atheists . many are believers who don't think patriarchy is of god ... 
concerning concern over refugees being military age , they are highly vulnerable : they , at home , could be forced to fight in the war 
welcome 
. . she said to listen to minority voices but didn't want to hear my story of being mixed race 
i've heard most of them . one can go on all day . 
... viv's bio has a link to the list . 
the problem with iran for us conservatives is it's the wrong religion ! 
welcome ; another month and a half for us . 
so true ; like the bible says , that nonbelievers blaspheme god's name due to the believers ... 
live long and prosper ! 
#notallmuslims are terrorists . the prayer of st . francis : 
of all those i'm most knowledgeable on judaism ; very helpful in understanding the ot ! 
... probably will be listed when she updates the list . a lot of great accounts are on a list that ostensibly ... 
i hope they're not calling climate change advocates , " traitors " not watching . once off twitter , gonna read or do languages 
so true that line about reasons not rules ! just following the rules doesn't promote justice and morality ! 
might face antisemitism charges ; but either way , perhaps an object lesson for the shallowness of the #nohymennodiamond'ers 
catholics believe in venial and mortal sins ( the latter send one to hell the former to purgatory ) 
do you think intp women tend to have a less sensitive " creepy meter " than other types ? 
... also , some atheists support patriarchy . secular patriarchy & lovejoyfeminism had a discussion a while back . 
... sorry to rant and rave on you ; i've been tweeting as he's been yakking ( maybe i shouldn't be rude ) . lot of fun ! 
... christian ( tm ): you're not a true american ( tm ) ! don't listen to the liberal media ( tm ) with their liberal bias ( tm ) . asinine 
moral influence theory of atonement - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia !LINK! 
preach it ! ! ! 
we are all biased though . the main thing is being aware of it & questioning said biases . 
thank you for your openmindedness ; i'm a christian , but i think this #starbucksredcup is an overreaction ... 
i find this quote of the #dalailama inspiring 
i've been thinking that since before twitter existed ! 
you mean 1cor 7 . doesn't the love command require submission ? 
... disagree with . i'm not saying people don't have the right to block for disagreement ; but i have a right to ... 
in ° f , that's < 0 ° f ( winter ) & 94 ° f ( summer ) 
... all that to say this : identity politics seems too binary . 
if twitter is useless , why did go to prison for his tweets . ( #freenabeel ) look at the middle east . 
i don't think she is . prochoicers always talk about listening to people's stories ; it goes both ways . 
but she specifically said it's patriarchy she hates--like dr . king hating racism but loving whites ... 
... that means that if blacks are descended from cain , so is everyone else , including them . 
my story is from one of my favorite shows ( on pbs & itunes ) . recommemded 
amen ! preach it ! 
true . but for now , i tweet ; or read some of the books i started but didn't finish ! #intp 
for fiction , another good book is " 40 laws of love : a novel of rumi " ( ) 
i guess i can talk to you about struggle then ! 
i refuse to sleep with a woman unless she marries me ! #hymennotnecessary 
great time to explain to people about boundaries & entitlement ! i've had that as well . 
... but it's a free country ; as irshad manji says , part of the price of freedom is the possibility of being offended . 
translation of rt : i now have glasses to suggest to people i'm intelligent . [ actually , in my case , i've worn glasses almost 25 years ! ] 
even many xians don't agree with that . ( e . g . greg boyd , myth of a christian nation ) ... 
i'm sure i'll be posting pics . 
... beliefs follow me . 
what does dissident feminist mean ? 
#thingsjesusneversaid go ye and establish a christian nation . 
" : if u want a free copy of quran , u can order it on right side on muslimsforpeace web page : !LINK! < < " 
add that to my #thanksgiving list : #imthankfulfor my #mbti type ! 
o want to express my appreciation for your willingness to talk to me & allow me to follow you , and for following me . thank you 
" way of life " was used to justify racism against black people - - now racism is recognized as wrong . 
strange ; in our environment , the only girl married by 22 eloped ( didn't work out ); the youngest bride was 24 
i couldn't agree more ! #nazism 
maybe we should ask piper about that one 
for pakistanis it's different - - over there the 2nd amendment declares ahmadis non-muslim . #istandwithahmadis 
... and one of the earliest proponents of separation of church and state 
take an offering ! 
... " justice , justice shall you pursue . " ( deut 16:20 ) - - only by just means though . #consistentlifeethic #coloradospringsshooting 
english and can read articles & listen to some podcasts in french ; also tweeted and responded to blogs in french ... 
btw , that's all the bosnian i know ! 
... voice can be heard . " hermann hesse ( 1921 ) mainly referring to the jungian kind . interesting the difference . 
... their homes to a lynch mob . ) 
wonder if this is an example of " faith without works " ( james 2 ) ? 
after all , that's exactly what oppressive regimes do ! pardon the comment on such an old post ! 
when did girls start wearing pink ? | arts & culture | smithsonian !LINK! concerning #gender i find this interesting 
" eve was not taken from his head , to rule him ; nor from his foot , for him to dominate her . she was taken from his side as equal 
like in our case regarding god's existence . :-) 
that , i fear , is unrealistic ; since offense is so subjective . putting lgbt on primetime offends fundies ... 
but isn't religious belief ( both christianity and islam ) growing , esp in nonwestern countries ? 
that's a great point in your bio ! 
+ also , argues abortion is a disservice to women . my view is promote life . 
i meant de rien 
all freedoms ! #udhr 
right wing on pc : do what we say , you pcers , not what we do ! 
put their names / pics on your shoe soles , your car pedals , and your ottomans - - thus you can perpetually trample them ! 
besides , you can interact with people you'd never meet irl ! 
the “ real men of evangelical christianity !LINK! via from an atheist blog ( ) ” 
my close friends are white and we are close enough to make politically incorrect jokes with each other ... 
for me , @ / diannaeanderson . i sought forgiveness ( even emailing through her blog ) ... 
if jesus is a feminist , i am too : how free women changed the world ( part 1 ) | jory micah !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] 
thanks 
i didn't reply to her old tweets ; but i read her criticism of the lady who did . 
... also , i heard the czech republic allows students under 26 to study for free if they speak czech . 
how stephen colbert just exposed the worst aspects of mbti | youtopia !LINK! 
... said the government has a duty to intervene in incitements to violence . 
fart jokes are so " cheesy " ; uh , that was cheesy ! 
i hope you can read the description ; see , i give her free advertising , even if she hates me ! 
expanding the pie : the art of non-conformity !LINK! [ from zte mobile browser ] radical notion ; important though 
watch out ! ! some think that p-word used is inherently misogynistic . seriously ! 
... this , in our time , occurs in bestselling books and i'm sure in various hash tags . 
i got male sinful lol ! ! ! lmao ! ! ! rofl ! ! ! o . k . , i finally got my grip . that's the hardest i've laughed in a while ! 
... also forgot that the refugees are fleeing the people who hate us . i guess like uk ... 
... i wonder how i manage to avoid these unpleasant encounters . is it the way one goes about it ? 
" even if what she said is true , she's still a reviler " ? what about speaking for those with no voice ? 
welcome 
... he did say " get the most out of your own eye " ! elsewhere to not police outsiders , that hatred = murder 
... i'm sure growing up in a white church & the fact my closest friends are white influences my views . 
great post ; some men are turned on by shoes or boots ( long dresses & no male passengers w / female drivers ) ! ... 
well , i'm mixed and having thanksgiving with the black side of my family ! 
one of those pregnancy centers in my area has saved > 300 babies from abortion in the past c 3 years #protestpp 
!LINK! 
... he was a medieval sufi muslim ; the mentor of the famous rumi , i believe . 
do you think when it comes to not offending people , rationals are most likely to dismiss it all as pc bs ? 
galatians 5 ! 
that is the same thing they accuse muslims of doing ; they refuse to consider #notallmuslims are terrorists ! 
in english , god made women for more than kids , kitchen , and church ! 
yep , " traitor " is a popular term on talk radio against those who disagree . 
