booom !LINK! 
quel talent ! !LINK! 
as a perfect transition , now watching barbarians at the gate . #kkr #rjrnabisco 
but i mostly see the good side of this upcoming gmail functionality . wish it worked on lotus notes . maybe in 20 years ' time ? 
management change at $ twtr was expected and seen as positive . it buys twitter some time to turn the ship around . 
fine-chocolate exporter builds fame on remote african island !LINK! via 
aucun respect !LINK! 
or 1.1 % of the capital , will retain close to 4 % !LINK! 
conglomerate controlled by iran's supreme leader a winner from nuclear deal !LINK! via 
how diy bond traders displaced wall street ’ s hot shot bond dealers !LINK! via #bonfireofthevanities 
no wonder the big pe names fight for exposure to the pet food / care segment ... 
this fed inflation measure is skyrocketing !LINK! via 
yes , globally . 
apparently , the older you get , the higher your preference for $ fb over $ twtr 
recovery is over : " paulson recovery fund " to be renamed " paulson special situations fund " , as the five-year-old u . s . recovery has matured . 
" at the new valuation , each of shake shack ’ s restaurants are worth about $ 10.7 million ( now nearly 4.3 x as much as a single mcdonald ’ s " #lt 
genuine musical genius : beethoven - symphony no . 7 !LINK! 
$ wfm beats on both sales and eps . great biz model , great company , stock now trades above $ 55 . 
cautiousness ahead of the fed especially in gold if yesterday's price action is any indication 
buy mortimer ; buy ! !LINK! 
capitalism rules : ' there are now more stock traders in china than communist party members ' !LINK! via 
david vs goliath in the arctic : denmark lays formal claim to north pole !LINK! 
eurostar cupcakes for the 20th anniversary . thank you 
had this under my radar a while ago ... canadian pacific said to explore norfolk southern takeover $ nsc !LINK! via 
schwarzman says energy is best opportunity in many years !LINK! via 
bing crosby - away in a manger !LINK! 
status quo not enough now .. 
mcdonald's close to making a decision on real-estate structure !LINK! via 
this time it's different bla bla bla #onverrabien 
$ eurchf - 15 % , smi futures - 8 % amen !LINK! 
fortunately , i eat at $ mcd much less than once a year . 
great first experience with which allows you to send money and get the true currency exchange rate !LINK! 
what he bought was actually pretty immaterial as compared to daily volume or his own wealth . 
ben bernanke is joining citadel as a senior adviser !LINK! 
grazie mille :) 
maybe slaves will get their passports back ? no who am i kidding ? 
vow 3 below € 100 wow ! 
china ’ s stock markets change forever next week !LINK! #open 
ecb's qe : maturity of bond purchases = 9yrs 
the end of the patient era 
must read , instructive and funny : " that time i tried to buy an actual barrel of crude oil " !LINK! 
just sell in may folks ... 
a blend of 80s references : miami , big phones , hasselhoff , synths , bright colors , lethal weapon & more + adolph . crazy short film #kungfury 
by the way , it's 1 am moscow time . #emergency $ usdrub 
several solar names up on the day , or barely negative . 
ibovespa , real surge on speculation levy to be new finance chief !LINK! via #bovespa $ pbr 
morgan stanley : it's tough to beat the s & p 500 and this is why - bloomberg business !LINK! 
news corp . ’ s $ 1 billion plan to overhaul education is riddled with failures !LINK! via 
nfp estimates for today range from 180k to 286k ( jpm ) , median estimate stands at 230k . 
if it ends like " the world " ... tropical rainforest planned for new dubai desert spectacle !LINK! via 
$ twtr investors not " clicking the sell button " that much now , only - 2 % now . 
- 28 % as of now and - 76 % ytd ! !LINK! 
volkswagen's potential cash outflows estimates by keplercheuvreux . worth taking a look : from eur 10bn to eur 30bn + 
the solar era : " renewable energy , including hydro power and rooftop solar , now constitutes about a third of california's electricity " #lt 
frank sinatra would be 99 today . let's listen to what is imho one of the songs he sang best : i get a kick out of you !LINK! 
get receipts , win a car : how greece's vat lottery plan worked in portugal !LINK! via 
nokia / alcatel states in its slides that it is committed to france . 
hey donette ! #stringerbell 
indeed , he receives your communication in english but would like to switch to french . thank you 2/2 
liberty media getting simpler ... or not . 
the 2015 edition of the bbc proms was held last weekend , another transcendent performance with rule britannia !LINK! 
baker hughes weekly numbers are out . oil rigs declined by 41 to 825 . down from record high 1,609 rig count back in early october . 
so you know what to buy ... 
glazer son offers man . united stake valued at $ 49 million !LINK! via 
consolidation wave in the health insurance industry : anthem proposes to buy rival insurer cigna for $ 47 billion !LINK! 
co-pilot suicide leaves lufthansa facing unlimited liability !LINK! via $ lha 
$ aapl below $ 100 per share ! 
happy thanksgiving to you and your family ! 
when was this survey taken ? 
euro drop a turning point for central bank reserves !LINK! via 
" every meeting is a live meeting , that certainly includes october " 
back to 1.05 $ eurusd 
buy the rumor ... 
billy joel ( arte ) !LINK! !LINK! 
how twitch turned video game voyeurism into big business !LINK! 
as far as i'm concerned , i don't eat meat anymore , which simplifies this issue from an individual perspective . 
if you need more proof to see that binary option brokers run scams in which financially illiterate people get trapped ... 
buy-and-hold fund prospers with no new bets in 80 years !LINK! via 
and i will continue to get a mere 1.5 mb / s at the countryside in the weekends ... vplus / g.fast do not apply to areas remote from the loop . 
poor little one 
great piece on druckenmiller !LINK! 
hollande about alu : " in favor of what could be a global leader " 
egypt ’ s grand mufti : no justification for terror in any religion !LINK! via 
painful decisions sometimes must be taken . the risk of ballooning bs + fx losses in the upcoming months was too high . 
i bought a few greek yogurts of the fage brand today . i thought it'd translate in a few pennies in greek pockets . hq located in ... luxembourg 
rationale is that fixed line operators will compete on speed with cable from 2016 and save a combined € 10bn thanks to delayed ftth roll-out . 
yoma's pun seeks new myanmar stock exchange's first listing !LINK! via 
relevant topic ahead if the trading week : " is the dkk the new chf ? " ft alphaville !LINK! 
great research on $ twtr by the way dear 
apple's pushing to complete streaming music deal before event - bloomberg business !LINK! 
mercedes cars used to be white as they were colored according to the country of origin . 
quote of finmeccanica's ceo : " ansaldobreda is a black sheep , [ ... ] a kind of subcontractor and the few trains it has built , it built wrong . " 
the speed of construction of this new canal really is impressive . reminds me of the belomorkanal built in 20 months as stalin wished it . 
song of the day : feeling a little cuban tonight !LINK! #guantanamera 
boom time hits italian m & a as renzi delivers relative stability !LINK! via 
let's start with the best : dean martin & frank sinatra singing marshmallow world !LINK! 
i acknowledge that advertising is essential to most websites ... but also so annoying in most cases . 
youtube launches paid music subscription service !LINK! via 
solar stocks up ! 
ami , entends-tu ... #panthéon !LINK! 
chocolate : can science save the world's most endangered treat ? !LINK! via 
dorsey gets a steve jobs moment with his return as twitter ceo - bloomberg business !LINK! 
the fed's meetings are getting more complicated , says new fed research !LINK! via 
lots of changes in such a short timeframe : twitter kills the 140 character limit for direct messages !LINK! via 
german manufacturer schaeffler said to plan ipo to pay down debt !LINK! via 
zzz zzz 
dear , will the ft be published tomorrow ? 
wall street gives thumbs down to james murdoch !LINK! via $ foxa 
" normally these cases do not go to court , the airlines are willing to pay and do pay " #lt $ lha #insured 
ooops , smi futures down 3.5 % near 8,000 points 
well , petco's ipo just got a little farther ... 
i had my ' tony soprano ' moment today #ducks #wokeupthismorning 
late , warm summer by the very pleasant lake geneva 
“ every time that he came to rape me , he would pray , ” 
red across the board on auto shares as volkswagen shares are down 20 % after it admits cheating us emissions tests !LINK! " 
of course they are . duh . $ mcd $ shak 
well , it is not alone ... other old and respectable companies have similarly suffered : 157 - year-old ( $ m ) , 109 - year-old ( $ rr ) .. 
they surely can't make you lose weight though . 
gosh , trump does say what people want to ear . 
yeah , it sucks getting the european feed ... 
swiss may not be able to " save our gold " !LINK! $ eurchf $ xauusd 
gl & hf 
islamic state conflict : us orders air strikes in tikrit ( bbc ) !LINK! 
as america movil prepares to exit kpn via a convertible bond issue , a little reminder about the dutch poison pill !LINK! 
costolo stepping down from his ceo role at $ twtr . no financial impact , no severance package . not all execs would act like that . 
" fish farming becomes bigger business than the open sea " - !LINK! 
goood morning ... thailand ! 
" these superhumans are real and their dna could be worth billions " - !LINK! 
#gagnetonwedemai + lyon 
do they really write like that ? 
there may be hidden interests , but putin gets it : " fighting islamic state in syria is top priority " !LINK! via 
nick woodman is selling some of his gopro shares !LINK! via $ gpro 
fukushima watch : cesium-absorbing canola project triples in size - wsj !LINK! 
byebye monaco 
paying almost 30 - pip spread on the $ eurchf . sure . 
nice jacket ! great show as always . 
did you know that afghanistan has a ceo ? yes , the country . 
it's not even the price a single movie ticket here , and $ nflx did the same in other geographies . 
without this dutch poison pill , kpn would be owned by america movil #lt 
were ratings too low ? rt : cnbc plans to stop using nielsen for tv ratings . !LINK! 
fed officials in july saw rate rise conditions approaching !LINK! via 
" sunedison , goldman agree to form $ 1 billion clean-power fund " - !LINK! $ sune 
$ twtr near $ 40 as good earnings come out ... the only question now is : will it last ? 
goldman sachs sets low fees to generate interest in new etfs !LINK! via 
shake shack ipo is getting as expensive as its burgers !LINK! 
interesting stat ! !LINK! 
twitter hand-holding for clients no defense for growth slowdown !LINK! via $ twtr 
slow day , it felt like another bank holiday ! 
i guess twitter has found a way to double it's mobile users : just let !LINK! crash 
so he's not a monkey after all ? 
i meant down 25 % #auto #volkswagen 
best sectors / countries on eps beats : real estate ( 100 % ) , tech ( 91 ) , belgium (8 0 ) . worst : food & bev ( 17 % ) , media ( 17 ) and switzerland ( 19 ) . 
mexican ' tuna ranchers ' cash in on global tuna addiction !LINK! via 
very subtle diplomacy ! !LINK! 
no no no ! ! rt those brightly-colored , hole-filled shoes are making a comeback !LINK! $ crox 
startups mine market-moving data from fields , parking lots — even shadows !LINK! via 
symphony no . 35 , aka the haffner symphony #mozart !LINK! 
great ft big read : " the human cloud : a new world of work " !LINK! via i had no idea ! 
happy thanksgiving , courtesy of the opec 
go nico ! #monacogp 
follow the money > > > $ virt +3.33 % today 
is it ' byebye ' russian high rollers in monaco ? casino complex to open in vladivostok !LINK! via 
the feminists will love it ! 
just like every other day ... 
just when i thought i was out ... they pull me back in : ' vivendi gains majority stake in telecom italia ' !LINK! via $ viv 
easy money " : * spanish 10 - year bond gains push yield below 2 % for first time " 
why would the saudis deliberately crash the oil markets ? simple : to undermine tehran . !LINK! 
steve jobs in 2007 : " who wants a stylus ? ? " !LINK! 
a great read ... lots of potential for this not so glamorous but efficient water supply . 
click on those damn sponsored tweets ffs $ twtr 
reminds me of pushkin's journey to arzrum . 
us considers military patrols of beijing's artificial islands in south china sea !LINK! 
abn amro proceeds with ipo seven years after a state bailout !LINK! via 
from monday : " this country has just canceled poor people's debt " !LINK! 
hedging , pilot strikes rt : * air france-klm cuts 2014 ebitda target by eu200 million 
what the hell ? only more taxes ? 
niet ! ! 
logical trend for retail banking in the next decade !LINK! 
yahoo has hired mckinsey to decide which units to shutter , sell and invest more in . but not what exec to fire ? !LINK! $ yhoo 
cheers ! !LINK! 
grand central owner sues ny city for $ 1.13 billion over air rights !LINK! 
what about the other fed ? !LINK! 
paris orléans to rename itself rothschild & co amid family feud . for sure that won't improve current relations with the cousins . 
and 2 / where operators do not rise prices and engage another price war with retaliation from cable . scenario 1 seen more likely by gs . 
rub trading to resume this afternoon after momentary pause . with hefty spreads i suppose . 
great advertising !LINK! 
the fact that hollande pre-announced the qe proves that weidmann is right #lt 
chris sacca about his big investment and passion : twitter . he plans feedback for the company , stay tuned . !LINK! 
( share of global car sales ) 
bond market risks hangover rt " ab inbev plans $ 55bn bond sale to fund sabmiller deal !LINK! !LINK! " 
it's the most wonderful time of the year !LINK! #xmassongs ♪ ♫ 
intervista a papa francesco : “ avere cura di chi è povero non è comunismo , è vangelo !LINK! via ” 
just an estimate , but mathematically , that's what it is , sadly . poor girl ( s ) . 
lehman's legacy ( again ): google ’ s schmidt buys 20 % in hedge fund d . e . shaw !LINK! via 
seems like the s & p500 already knows the decision the fomc took . 
$ scty performed pretty well today , up against the tide ! it had been crushed last week though . 
oops , we're near the lows now ... 
marchands de tapis #grexit 
" in 2014 , 563 tonnes of antibiotics were used in chile ’ s salmon industry . that is more than 800 times the corresponding number for norway . " 
“ technology breeds crime . it always has , and always will . #lt ” 
great timing as berlusconi raises $ 431 million with mediaset stake sale on a four-year high !LINK! via 
goldman sachs , clients , face $ 835 million loss over banco espírito santo loan !LINK! #oakfinance 
at ' géant casino ' hypermarket in south-eastern france.you bet i bought the whole batch , tough to find at retail locations here 
larry summers : " nobody knows but i think the risks are on the downside " . 
and yes , we do need channels on twitter , determined by themes , locations ... finance , paris , news ... 
borse dubai exits lse by selling entire 17.4 % stake . 
or spur a massive rally just before christmas in the very plausible case it were to postpone a hike once again ? 
zaporozhye is the largest nuke power plant ni europe by the way ... 
easy to say when youre ceo of the most profitable carmaker rt : porsche ceo says tesla ' will need to earn money at some point'-bbg 
why bombing this tiny oil producer is roiling the energy market : oil shipping routes !LINK! via #yemen 
cuban flag now flying in d . c . , as the crowds screams " fidel , fidel ! " 
swiss , italian ministers sign deal to fight tax evasion !LINK! via 
jamie dimon : " i don't think they're going to do it " ; " normalization is a good thing " #fomc 
death to capitalism ? visitors to marx ’ s grave in london balk at fee !LINK! via 
and back on yesterday's lows at the close . wow ! 
yes indeed 
hedge funds bet gold gain to end as short wagers hit record !LINK! via $ gld $ xauusd 
a merry christmas to all . best version of jingle bells : mezz mezzrow ( 1951 ) #jazzyxmas !LINK! 
dear 3g capital and dear warren , please leave us some listed food & beverage companies $ deo !LINK! 
$ sune up against the tide with suddenly extremely positive news flow ... point 72 , jpm ... still way down ytd / mtd 
makes pennies everywhere : it raises prices just as you click on ' book now ' after filling credit card details . 
petco is looking into getting together with petsmart !LINK! via 
porsche , bentley break with taboos in battle over slowing growth !LINK! via 
this game will show you just how foolish it is to sell stocks right now !LINK! via 
just watched kung fury following advice from my dear friend . lots of goog laugh #kungfury #80s !LINK! 
the real thing !LINK! 
hackers with wall street savvy stealing m & a data : fireeye !LINK! 
not sure other skies are safer in the region ... !LINK! 
lots of interesting slides ( especially the interesting slides per se ) from gundlach's webcast !LINK! ( via ) 
perfection #catalonia 
norwegian needs you to spend another $ 4 per day on your cruise !LINK! via 
if confirmed , telcos gonna tank tomorrow ... unless the bidding frenzy returns just like it did last year when sfr was up for sale . 
i do believe in solar more than any other energy source . 
welcome to bloomberg business !LINK! via 
ruble weakens further on cb rate hike ( new record high for $ usdrub ) . not enough pals . 
oil bust veterans brace while shale-boom newbies swagger - bloomberg !LINK! 
" toilet-to-tap " : how dow chemical is turning sewage into a refreshing drink !LINK! $ dow $ yum 
norfolk southern stumbles on coal !LINK! via 
well that bentley bentayga looks clumsy ... i would not even bother buying it in the event i had cash to throw down the drain ! 
hence the lust for yield #lt 
swiss assets suddenly back under the radar , one more currency pair to trade and lots of opportunities ahead . 
well good night , and good luck ! $ es_f @ 1,870 
i frankly don't see how you find value in a selfie app . 
wow ! bernanke becomes adviser to pimco ( just like greenspan 8 yrs ago ) . how did i miss that news ? 
gotta be in place for the santa claus rally ! ! 
big big performance for $ twtr to be up in such market conditions . although the stock already had its fair share of blood ... 
gosh ... this damn bloomberg go show . worst possible substitue to . going to stop watching the channel at noon cet . 
nyu professor : yahoo should be euthanized , and marissa mayer is the most overpaid ceo in history !LINK! via 
also learned on that among wikipedia users , the germans are those who spend the most time on the web encyclopedia . 
in defense of a . hamilton : ' say it ain't so , jack ' !LINK! by 
bond insurers drop , credit risk jumps on puerto rico concern !LINK! via 
whole foods cuts thanksgiving feast prices !LINK! via 
oops hbo : 40 % of the season 5 of game of thrones has leaked this morning . 
bugatti sells 450th and last veyron !LINK! via 
jim simons : a rare interview with the mathematician who cracked wall street !LINK! via 
ea online back up now . merry xmas :) 
$ cl_f @ $ 50 
they work fast ... as fast as us in wartime . !LINK! 
actually , good afternoon ! 
no surprise in a quickly consolidating market : deutsche wohnen offers to buy leg to challenge vonovia !LINK! 
jim chanos is betting against elon musk's solar company !LINK! via $ scty 
university of california sells $ 200 million worth of companies involved in coal mining and oil sands !LINK! via 
restez chez vous . !LINK! 
joseph stalin may face jail time . not the tyrannic dictator though , only his impersonnator !LINK! via 
they won't update the blackberry app for a while , i guess the stars will continue to shine on my device . 
renewables ftw : solar and wind just passed another big turning point !LINK! via 
german media giants prosieben and axel springer in early merger talks - wsj !LINK! 
s & p 500 sends caution signal near 14 - year high relative to sales !LINK! via 
30 % chance the fed will hike per fed funds futures ... at that level it starts getting significant . 
byebye cash ? " spanish banks draw customers ’ ire by charging for atm use " - !LINK! 
monkey ’ s weekly rewind – episode 62 : oat < 1 % , crude oil en chute libre !LINK! via 
autonation's ceo : " the economy is genuinely growing " , hefty boom in sales ( concentrated on premium vehicles ) in december #gasprices 
ecb can thank pboc : china aids eurozone qe drive with sales of german bonds !LINK! via 
spot gold now up $ 60 from o / n lows . impressive move . 
u . s . ports say more ocean containers are leaving empty , a sign of global economic woes !LINK! via 
bund yield x2 in less than 72 hours , now at 0.95 % . 
" manhattan ’ s property boom pushes landlords to sell early " - !LINK! 
spot silver hit the $ 13 handle earlier today , lowest level in 6 years 
cheers 
yippee kay yay ... ! never trust anyone , particularly bankers . more particularly central bankers . 
french phone tycoon bouygues is furious . now he ’ s getting even !LINK! via 
pfff 
it gives time to amateurs to come up with a plan . maybe . hopefully , it wont be kicked down the road once again ( how likely ? ) 
y2k all over again !LINK! 
oil jumps to one-month high as opec ready to talk to producers !LINK! via 
$ alu closes at € 3.786 , fully erasing yesterday's jump . happy merger to you too . 
summer day , lake geneva 
1 , 2 and 3 indexes now down 
going fast : * coeure says ecb has bought eu 9.8 b in 3 days under qe program 
london mansion prices fall 11.5 % as home ` bubble ' may have burst !LINK! via 
hmm hmmm 
in jungle long known for cocaine , a rare nut is now all the rage !LINK! via 
more greece stories ... 
some would argue we're off the lows heading into the close . yesterday's jump almost erased . 
bloomberg is back ... down . 
smi futures ended down by more than 11 % at 8,117 points . historic session . 
that's right :) . have a good one ! 
cheaper than fines though rt " : * citigroup said to lose more than $ 150 mln on currency moves " 
wolves shot from choppers shows oil harm beyond pollution !LINK! via #caribou #canada 
spencer stone , french train attack hero , stabbed in sacramento - nbc news !LINK! 
complete reversal in both gold and $ eurchf markets . impressive moves . well , not so much in the eurchf actually :) 
" where eagles dare " : i liked the movie better 
iran has a little surprise for oil market !LINK! via 
and if i buy the game again . also , do i have to re download the whole thing in that case ? 2/2 
" saudi businesswomen tap instagram to bypass men , attract clients " - !LINK! 
oil should respond to alberta , not arabia !LINK! via 
iea cuts global oil demand forecast for 4th time in five months . decline mostly attributable to producers ( russia ! ) !LINK! 
i deactivated ad blocking on twitter to see how ads look like nowadays ( and to assess targeting ! ) . more eyeballs , stock should go up now . 
give me your swiss stocks on the cheap . thank you . 
now that the long-awaited pullback has come the question is : is it enough now ? 
one bp at a time 
enjoy la pause fiscale !LINK! 
american experience , last days in vietnam : a heartbreaking documentary about the evacuation of saigon !LINK! 
" toilet-to-tap " : how dow chemical is turning sewage into a refreshing drink !LINK! $ dow 
dorsey : " the company still has huge unmet potential " $ twtr 
stop universities from hoarding money !LINK! 
sad ... !LINK! 
lesson of the day on : " email is the bomb " 
vive la dette pro bono ( s ) 
$ shak gets shacked following an exit of insiders through a big secondary offering . for once this stock makes sense . 
my dog would rather eat mondelez biscuits . actually she does . 
mr . big mouth !LINK! 
who are you ? ? 
retail broker notices it suspends all chf pairs now . sends rub mail instead #oldhabits $ eurchf 
spot gold correction accelerates today as fed lift-off odds increase . so far so good . 
the $ 400 billion bond mismatch keeping bears at bay seen lasting - bloomberg !LINK! 
$ es_f now sitting on 23.6 fibonacci retracement of the latest move up . 
the politicization of tasseled loafers !LINK! ( from 1993 ) 
uk government said to be close to selling 40 % stake in eurostar to buyers including caisse de dépôt du placement du québec ( sky ) 
here it goes again !LINK! 
umg's revenue to be driven by subscriptions and to double by 2021 . bofa's blue sky scenario 
interesting move / read : white castle now serves veggie sliders , but will anyone eat them ? !LINK! via 
the problem with 2015 dips is that a mere 3-5 % dip , which is small , makes your trigger finger itchy as the master would say . 
lebanon detains wife of islamic state leader !LINK! via 
here we go ... syrian passport found next to paris attacker came through greece !LINK! via 
monkey business revealed in hunt for mexico ’ s escaped drug lord !LINK! 
russian money suspected behind fracking protests !LINK! 
what did they do again ? let me guess ... enabling tax evasion ? 
so pdvsa has enough money to sponsor renault f1 ? probably not for long ... 
must read , the ending is absolutely fanciful : two different worlds meet in a neighbourhood mosque ( near chartres ) !LINK! 
" lehman survivor wants to build a $ 12 billion solar empire " - !LINK! 
i guess that those who chant " fidel " castro haven't lived in cuba for a little while . just a wild guess . 
already in the news ... but worth sharing : " you can trigger avalanches when a careless skier goes on to the slop and moves a bit of snow " . 
post published yesterday mentioning shots : who is twitter cfo anthony noto trying to buy ? !LINK! via 
oh by the way , i had dinner at $ mcd last night , because all other places were closed . hard to see value in their menus imo . 
" page not found " dear 
wave of downgrades of swiss companies today , waves of people at the exit door 
comcast's ceo : “ today , we move on [ ... ] . we structured this deal so that if the government didn ’ t agree , we could walk away . ’ ’ 
dear 3 capital , please don't buy all food companies . $ krft $ hnz 
no panic , $ eurusd > 1.12 
hong kong lifts yuan conversion limit for locals , coinciding with nov . 17 stock connect launch !LINK! via #chinaopens 
uber struggles to woo germans spoiled by mercedes taxis !LINK! via 
happy dog , happy day ! 
opportunistic : fiat chrysler offers $ 1,700 cash to lure volkswagen drivers !LINK! via 
who's right ? the fact is that nobody really knows , not even the fomc . !LINK! 
byebye syriza !LINK! 
maybe santa will come this year . 
springtime is there symphoy n ° 6 , fifth movement , allegretto !LINK! 
just an opinion , but it makes perfect sense !LINK! 
" how big oil is profiting from the slump " . hint : trading ! !LINK! via 
gosh you're a pro advisor ! !LINK! 
cheniere energy : terminal value !LINK! via 
" fed fatigue " 
fao schwarz ’ s manhattan store to close in july as rents rise !LINK! via #byebye5thave 
not isolated enough to benefit from public spending largesse , not urban enough to be interesting for cable / ftth roll-out . no hope but 4g . 
oh ! new google search design , now comes with some blue . this whole alphabet thing was worth it ! 
paris , un matin de canicule . 
but rolls royce sales are up . 
damn ! 
oh ça ira merci , sans façon :) 
trump monologue on snl ( i'm a bit late but , hey ! it takes time to get this kind of stuff this side of the atlantic ) !LINK! 
i enjoyed the screening of ' ' a most violent year ' tonight , interesting plot , great nyc 80s atmosphere , nice acting ... good movie ! 
fyi , this is the share of #diesel engine vehicles among european car-makers : bmw 38 % , daimler and psa 33 % , renault 29 % and volkswagen 25 % 
barbarians , systematic rape of non-muslim girls : isis enshrines a theology of rape !LINK! 
carrefour sales growth meets estimates as europe accelerates !LINK! via 
musk ’ s solarcity vows super solar panel $ scty !LINK! via 
yes indeed , bloomberg is down . 
just tell me : how did merkel made such a fool of herself ? ? 
you're right but it's not a german symbol :) 
anyway , that's often been the case at third or fourth generation of a very successful entrepreneur . 
quote from lord of war : " ak - 47 it's the world's most popular assault rifle . a weapon all fighters love.it doesn't break , jam , or overheat . " 
i guess it's time we all yell together " four more years , four more years " 
hello , do you accept mail reservations for the restaurant ? or only by phone ? thank you . 
was expected from those damn barbarians !LINK! 
sunedison to become solar ‘ supermajor ’ with $ 2.2 billion deal !LINK! via 
malin ! 
twitch is great to see if a game could be worth buying ... but otherwise , i just don't see the point . but there is an audience for it anyway . 
air france workers rip shirts from top managers in jobs protest !LINK! via 
buffett and ackman hate u . s . bonds and the losses are piling up !LINK! via 
i'd say it will be a great conglomerate to break-up in few decade ' time 
leaving macau next ? #leavinglasvegas !LINK! 
twitter up 5 % : google tie-up can bring millions of users , says canaccord !LINK! via 
sunedison's cfo on bloomberg talking about the 50 % plunge in 30 days suffered by $ sune !LINK! via 
" the russian ruble is hereby halted until further notice " . ruble enjoyed the news . !LINK! 
#gagnetonwedemai + cahors 
$ twtr booom !LINK! 
alright , will call tomorrow , thanks . 
top 0,001 % rt : * goldman sachs names 78 new partners , up from 70 in 2012 
" the treasury market is becoming less liquid , [ ... ] thanks in part to the federal reserve ’ s bond-buying program " . 
" how the worst performing oil companies are making more than exxon " : timely hedges ! !LINK! $ gdp $ xom 
way too small a helicopter ! ! 
real estate in nyc , that's the real thing ! 
pause fiscale !LINK! 
59 % of respondants never heard of airbnb ? ? i can't believe it , especially among business travellers . 
land appropriation 101 rt " : china building airstrip in spratly islands , satellite images show !LINK! " 
boom . tesla has just been compared to the concord on bbg . " if $ tsla can't bring its price down " . 
lyndon and peter rive are on a quest to make solar power cheap and easy !LINK! via 
soundcloud strikes deal with 20,000 labels . can it help any of them make money ? !LINK! via 
almost half of the lots in christie ’ s sale last week were guaranteed . !LINK! 
business as usual for fxpro despite losses ( at least according to that statement ) . not the case of all brokers ... !LINK! 
" wti up to session high after genscape cushing oil report showed crude inventory build slowed after march 3 " 
venture capitalists might heed chilly reception for sunrun , on deck capital !LINK! via 
d . c . regulators reject exelon ’ s bid to purchase pepco !LINK! via 
used to be a true fan of formula 1 , rarely missing races ... that was when the competition was fierce and before pay-tv ruined it . 
failed thief turned whistle-blower !LINK! 
" fcc adopts net-neutrality rule backed by obama for internet " - !LINK! 
always amazed by how fast market sentiment can change . i've bought shares nobody wanted just 3 days ago . now they all want to buy them . 
how the skyline changed since i left ... splendid indeed !LINK! 
german wind-to-hydrogen plant takes car-fuel battle to tesla !LINK! via 
been there , done that ... again and again 
contemporary art is judged by its price tag not by aesthetics !LINK! via 
on its way to slaughter , imagine the stress of the flight : " the real cattle class : cows fly to china on 747s " !LINK! 
( greylock partners , bain and 88 other stockholders sell a combined 2 % of common stock ) 
you can get a free egg mcmuffin at participating mcdonald's locations in pennsylvania if you bring a taco bell breakfast receipt #lt $ mcd 
merger saturday 
amazon hires iberdrola to build wind farm for cloud data !LINK! via 
#francogeddon i like that 
twitter gaining close to 4 % as the company is said to enter bidding for nfl streaming . go birdy . 
gute nacht : eine kleine nachtmusik ( first movement ) !LINK! 
another massive buyback program from a company that has disappointed the street , this time announced by $ utx : usd 12bn 
wall street diverges as gorman and blankfein take opposite paths $ gs $ ms !LINK! 
while the euro drops ... " french try to block battle of waterloo coin " via !LINK! 
that is wolfgang schauble's way of criticizing merkel's " refugees welcome " annoucement and posture . 
nothing suspect here : aussie jumped 0.6 % in minute before rba ’ s rate announcement !LINK! via $ audusd 
" diesel is clean " they say . well , with this precedent created by volkswagen , diesel may well lose its credibility . 
“ it ’ ll take 20 years , maybe less , but these utilities are going to find themselves in a world of hurt . #lt ” 
hello and welcome back :) 
lululemon ’ s founder moves to sell stake after resolving feud !LINK! via $ lulu 
' 23 ' is a magic number in china ’ s stock market !LINK! via #riggedmarket 
i could see when finalizing the order that the right meal was selected . thank you for your reply ! 
virage n ° 2 :) 
nomura's uk election forecast vs other sources : toward a conservative win 
india is spending billions to populate a remote area claimed by china !LINK! via 
with spotify , labels get 55 % of the monthly subscription . labels said to be pushing for 60 % with apple $ aapl 
switzerland prays for us rate rise to ease economic pressure !LINK! via 
happy hanukkah , i imagine the empire state building will be all white and blue tonight for the occasion . lots of memories from a year ago . 
great bbg brief read about fomc's dot plot : it is somewhat misleading as all dots are not created equal . 
they will cut the cord at some point . again . 
tough to find european stocks that are down today ... nearly all in the green but volkswagen and porsche both setting fresh 52w lows . 
oh gosh , vivint solar ... i was about to make a move . too bad . next . 
faa approves 4 firms to fly commercial drones !LINK! 
face-veil ban may be next threat to beleaguered swiss tourism !LINK! 
new economy !LINK! 
. champion ! ! 
samsung ’ s lees get help from hyundai to fight elliott by selling the company's treasury shares !LINK! via 
much interesting ft's special report today on the business of formula 1 . 
fed official : no evidence qe boosted economy !LINK! 
time-saving and impersonal way to replay emails : ' google replies to email overload by writing your reply ' !LINK! via 
merci beaucoup :) 
great piece about sika : " alpine takeover tussle exposes risks of swiss family companies " !LINK! 
on pc ? go to origin , add dlc to cart , download , lock and load . ps3 / 4 ? wait until tuesday . 
lacker says ... ok ok . but who's the boss ? 
not sure i've kept track of everything ... " john malone's ticker-tape parade never ends , says " !LINK! via 
+ 10 % , cheers ! rt " : sodexo to cut 1,200- 1,500 jobs globally over 18 months : afp " 
iran commander warns of isis threat to its security !LINK! via 
meanwhile ... bofaml sees wti at $ 32 / bbl in q1 #crudeoil 
uk solar policy : there goes the sun - !LINK! !LINK! via 
a lot . just take a look at the menus : russian often is one of the main languages 
british airways just can ’ t kick its 747 habit !LINK! via 
jennifer aniston mocks u . s . carriers in ` nightmare ' emirates ad !LINK! via 
cool ! big loss for italy though . 
porsche is building a tesla competitor !LINK! via $ tsla $ vow 3 
soviet-style method of denunciation is back in separatist-held regions in ukraine rt : !LINK! 
merci bien :) 
billy salomon led wall street by example , by michael bloomberg !LINK! via 
bofa : 52 % of all global gvt bonds yield < 1 % , there is now $ 7.3 trillion of negatively yielding gvt debt in the ez , switzerland & japan 
also , did you know the duke brothers make a cameo in coming to america ? another great movie from the 80s . 
10 currencies that may follow tenge in tumble triggered by china !LINK! via 
boom ! bad for tech ( and others ) rt " : obama budget said to have 14 % tax on stockpiled offshore profit " 
happy fomc to you too 
close the markets , quick ! 
this is huge indeed ! let me guess : a romantic comedy ? 
citi : the fed will still hike in september , but there's one big wild card ahead !LINK! via 
$ ptec acquires plus 500 in an opportunistic move ( troubled times for this broker ) . now plus 500 is officially linked to the gambling industry . 
no 10 % is closer to reality ;) 
one month until christmas and sub-zero temperatures . i guess it's now allowed to listen to christmas songs . 
maybe it's more about not having heard about the possibility to book through airbnb while abiding to travel policy . 
also great to know where the enemy is ( if you play with the twitch broadcaster you're watching ) . 
morning by the lake 
no tomorrow morning ? 
alright :) won't be there at this time of year ... 
keeping my money under the mattress from now on 
here may go a hugh shunk of the holy grail for advertisers : apple is allowing ad blockers on iphone !LINK! via $ crto 
utah eats candy at twice the national average !LINK! via #mormons 
poor dog $ cl_f 
déjà-vu all over again rt : fitch cuts greece to ' ccc ' 
some perspective ... !LINK! 
is pearson poised to benefit from a secular rise in global education spending , or does it remain a jumble of assets ? !LINK! 
crude oil inventory level unseen since ... 1931 ! ! $ cl_f . crude output highest since 1983 . #oil 
spanish home prices jump most since crisis bolstering recovery !LINK! via 
thank you lockhart : the odds of a september rate hike have surged in the last two days !LINK! via 
twitter gets junked by s & p !LINK! via $ twtr 
the donald is on . just how rich is donald trump , exactly ? !LINK! via 
slaughter continues for semiconductors : nxp semiconductors drops as company anticipates sales decline !LINK! via 
youtube red is finally here : $ 9.99 !LINK! 
so , when does become available on blackberry ? ( rhetorical question ) 
s & p 500 erases gain for year as global growth concerns intensify !LINK! via 
#gagnetonwedemai albi ! 
bbg : " snb sight deposits suggest central-bank interventions stopped " vs rtrs : " swiss sight deposits rise , add to signs of snb intervention " 
warm , sunny evening in catalonia's finest beaches 
' senate votes against keystone xl pipeline after six-year fight ' , bill to be reintroduced in 2015 !LINK! via 
tim kane on bbg : " hey remember i'm an economist , i don't have real money at play here " 
qe's concentrated wealth effect : japan's luxury sales are booming , even in a weak economy !LINK! via 
commodities complex still bleeding as markets reopen . gold smacked down after swiss " no " vote , crude oil slides further down ( $ 65 / bbl ! ) . 
only built by gulag inmates ( the z / k or zeka ) with minimal equipment , and maximal suffering as thousands died ( maybe up to 250k ) . 
as far as my dog is concerned , she probably costs more in human food than in dog food . try to give her dog biscuits ! 
to the moon . 7 % now . 
the funny math of formula one ’ s double-points rule !LINK! via #mercedes 
at least it's consistent !LINK! 
oil ceos press obama administration to lift export ban !LINK! via 
the science of slacking at work !LINK! via #emptylabor 
insightful chart from today's bloomberg brief mergers : an m & a boom without private equity 
poor people and animals ... " see the terrifying aftermath of a dam burst in brazil " !LINK! via 
déjà vu , on and an again ... !LINK! 
this will end well . !LINK! 
i do like the company and its stock anyway 
bollore boosts vivendi stake to 12 % amid clash with investor !LINK! via 
historical echoes : santa claus as legal tender !LINK! 
unhappy meal : mcdonald ’ s throws out burger king ’ s combo plan !LINK! via 
" still firmly negative but we're off the lows " . well , not so much now ... 
until a higher and even more luxurious skyscraper breaks ground on billionaire row ! 
$ eurchf ended at parity . how amazing what can happen in one day . 
françois michelin , a great industrialist , passed away !LINK! 
you can keep you negative 10y bonds though 
playtech , a company which offers software and content for casinos , just announced it would buy tradefx , a binary options broker $ ptec 
does this contradiction reflect transitory factors ? !LINK! 
and fed funds rate outlook falls . again . bis repetita . 
you're the man ! !LINK! 
please , define " stable " . $ 60 / bbl ? $ 50 / bbl ? 
including more than 100 dead in bataclan , the total death toll of terrorist attacks in paris will swell above 150 . very sad day . 
bloomberg new 7am et show definitely not worth ' s 
ex-a . i . g . chief , m . greenberg , wins bailout suit , but gets no damages !LINK! 
no surprise there . rt " : * italy lawmakers fail to elect president in first round of voting , no candidate gets enough votes - rtrs " 
they went dark a few minutes ago , it had been working for several hours . 
big big mistake : obama just called the current president of afghanistan " president karzai " ... 
incredibly rare male mustached kingfisher photographed for first time by scientist - who promptly kills it !LINK! 
' why the fed must stand still on rates ' by the great larry summers . cheers from banks and hedge funds larry ! !LINK! 
" the stock market is great , the economy is not " , alan greenspan via !LINK! 
spot gold hitting key downward trendline that has capped previous bounces 
google calendar is down , lotus notes is up . #winning 
such pressure on the auto sector could either jeopardize or cheapen ferrari's ipo - which does not make diesel engines . 
more megawatts do not equal more $ $ $ sune 
ea tries selling video games that work !LINK! via 
$ usdjpy crossing the 121 mark woohoo 
tsipras is being realistic now !LINK! 
special situations fund will be long-biased with 25-40 stakes and will continue to charge 1.5 / 20 
alcatel : french govt wants merged co . to maintain strong french base 
xavier niel buys options on potential 11 % telecom italia stake !LINK! via 
boom : ceo jack dorsey gives a third of his twitter stock back to employees !LINK! via $ twtr 
the article concludes that " europcar does come with some attractive features . but investors may want to consider another ride " . #lt 
one day , mercedes cars were overweight just before a race . hence the silvery aluminum color as the white paint was stripped off . 
norway swf says adding $ 86 billion in properties may be best !LINK! via 
varoufakis : greece cashflow problem relatively small , no need for debt repayment postponement 
doesn't it sound like the holiday season is coming ? ? ? ♪ frank sinatra - swinging on a star ♫ !LINK! 
fade this rally . 
porsche should not run on diesel in the first place . !LINK! 
it often jumps in pre-market of ah trading , until exchanges open . 
on what day , do you know ? 
just for fun then !LINK! 
ipo gone wrong ... down 40 % in first two days , run ! ! ! $ run 
for more details , do read fredrik ivarsson's note . 
twitter has talked to bieber-backed shots : source !LINK! 
live-streaming battle : periscope debuts as meerkat bulks up !LINK! via 
stop pillage 
well ... despite the fact i'm quite young and play fps games on a regular basis , i don't see the point of spending hours watching others play 
great last 3 episodes ! 
solar divergence : $ fslr in the spotlight gaining + 12 % in afterhours on strong earnings . meanwhile , $ scty gets slaughtered , - 18 % . 
cycling is the new golf :) !LINK! 
i meant switzerland ! 
according to les echos , bouygues is said to reject drahi's € 10bn offer for bouygues telecom , citing execution risks linked to this deal . 
venezuela ’ s giant lake of endless oil is a filthy , lawless mess !LINK! via 
gone with the dearly missed ... 
deutsche telekom may sell t-mobile netherlands unit !LINK! via 
lalala ♪ imf official says in talks with greece on adjusting program 
où es tu ? :) 
apparently , this would be the nuclear power plant subjected to an incident ... but what kind ? ? !LINK! 
thank you :) let me point out that the game is great anyway despite the fact i spent several more euros for it . #bf4 
yeah , tough day for $ dis now falling below $ 100 , but stock still up 6 % + ytd . 
drone save the queen : british jihadist killed after plot to kill the queen | via !LINK! 
superbe ! 
the global network rt : game of thrones ' fifth season will air simultaneously worldwide each week !LINK! 
good read from today's on pearson and all the disappointments it has brought to investors over the past few quarters 
cheers . 
not sure that will create shareholder value ... i dislike the change but understand how new users coming from $ fb may like it . 
' what twitter can be ' by ; very long and insighful post about the media we love to use !LINK! 
jamie dimon says he's unsure if elizabeth warren understands global banking system !LINK! via 
the payment space jus got a little more crowded : snapchat links with square to launch snapcash !LINK! 
swiss a ̶ l ̶ p ̶ s ̶ currency rt : did some dynamite #eurchf chart analytics during lunch 
several friends had the same issue . now it perfectly works and i just died because of your tweet ! ;) 
saudi arabia wooing fired u . s . shale workers to ‘ join our team ’ !LINK! via 
beautiful geneva #lakegeneva #cologny #saintpierre 
$ eurchf much below level it raded at when smi futures closed . volatile morning ahead . 
imf urges fed to delay first rate increase until 1h 2016 ... rofl 
if i choose the standard meal option , will it be the vegetarian option indicated in my profile ? or do i have to ask for it specifically ? 
let's wait that authorities confirm the terrorist was indeed the passport holder . 
several reasons to that , as pe invests elsewhere ( i . e . not in large public corporations ) , but tells you something about valuations . 
as the first nuclear reactor is about to restart , ' a-bomb survivors ' fukushima doubts ' via !LINK! 
i'm shocked by merkel's new strategy towards turkey . offering to reopen turkey's eu membership application in exchange of promises ... 
xiaomi-backed startup ninebot to acquire u . s . rival segway !LINK! via 
china says about to finish some land reclamation in south china sea !LINK! via 
we're off the lows folks 
snb jordan says franc ‘ overvalued , ’ threatens interventions !LINK! via $ eurchf 
i like the way it is : lots of " free " research gives the ability to get lot of ideas and reward deserving brokers !LINK! 
from , wise guest and wise comments !LINK! 
here it goes again . do you get it ? !LINK! 
poor them ! !LINK! 
i'd say that the overall tone was pretty negative - despite the fact that us indices were not down that much . 
equities ignore oil's fall today ... will it last ? 
timeless milano #borsalino 
varoufakis on france 24 : " priority is to stabilize the economy , not the next loan tranche " 
nice one 
" truly a beige beige book " 
i only activate ads when a website / app truly adds value i think it's a moral thing to do . which is the case for $ twtr , hence my decision . 
adblock extension with 40 million users sells to mystery buyer , refuses to name new owner !LINK! via 
update 2 - snb will be active in fx market if needed-jordan !LINK! via 
thank you , wish you the best for what's next for you . 
i'm afraid the number of dead will end up so much higher ... 
ouch ... !LINK! 
another divestment ! ? what's going on ? 
fuel ships take 4,000- mile africa detour as oil prices plunge !LINK! via 
disappointed by netflix's arrested development " semi-original " series ... not quite as fun as the original version . #bluth 
excellent column , loved it ! i assume i have to renounce my project of storing barrels in my yard , byebye easy money . 
historic meeting ! !LINK! 
quotes from trading places are best appreciated in such market conditions :) 
seaworld to redo orca shows with greener message , newspaper says !LINK! via 
vw patriarch piech handed rare defeat on 78th birthday !LINK! via 
i love the irony of today's bbg quote : " work is the best antidote to sorrow " , sir arthur conan doyle 
it is a long-distance carpooling community ( car ) where you can talk ( blabla ) . widely used in france . 
della valle rules out selling italian luxury goods group tod ’ s !LINK! via 
could the fed deprieve us of the santa claus rally with the real threat of a rate hike in december ? 
damn , so many pictures . 
untold story of how ex-commando danny lewin became 9/11 ' s first victim !LINK! via 
songs fit for the holiday season : " a marshmallow world " , featuring dean martin & frank sinatra !LINK! 
and it's back ! any update on the issue ? thanks 
if users are forced to choose between facebook and twitter , twitter loses ( except for teens ) !LINK! 
california drought tests history of endless growth !LINK! 
who's the boss ? !LINK! 
who's your daddy ? ' saudi arabia adds half a bakken to global oil market in a month ' !LINK! via 
what $ twtr does not need among other things are secondary offerings 
but you can't score on every show , that's for sure ... 
0/20 , bim ! 
crude oil just slipped on something $ cl_f < $ 50 / bbl 
hello , could you give me a contact through which my dad could change its mail subscription preferences ? 1/2 
earlier today from gs : " solar contagion overstated , fundamentals strong , reiterate conviction buy list " $ scty 
winter is coming . really . weather forecast of - 8 ° c on monday early morning . 
nuts !LINK! 
all that time waiting for this ... serious leadership issues . 
sunedison's cfo : " the business model is quite straightforward , we have a devco that builds renewable assets , holdcos that hold them lt " 
$ eurchf pushing the smi higher , still below preopen levels though . 
made by thyssenkrupp : the sideways elevators of the future will be shown off for the first time !LINK! via 
back to the casino : " we are pleased to inform you that rub pairs ( usdrub / eurrub ) will resume trading on 06/01 / 2015 " 
greek stocks crash 11 % on political strife !LINK! 
- 1,600 pips , something you don't see that often especially among major currencies . historical move on the swiss franc . 
just btfh ! 
" europe has now become a growth engine for carrefour " 
and petco comes back to the stock market ... until it's cheap enough for the next pe funds to delist it ? 
change in annual spending on gas vs umich : yippee ki-yay ! ( bbg briefs ) 
both version coexist . rouble tends to be used in british english . 
go to war , in style : " saudi prince pledges bentley to pilots involved in yemen air strikes " !LINK! via 
nyc real estate : blackstone leads deal to buy stuyvesant town housing complex !LINK! via 
agreed : " salmonids seem to be an environmental friendly form of animal protein vs other protein sources , when comparing carbon footprints " 
thank you . somewhat surprisingly high in some countries in comparison with what i hear / read daily . 
gros bonus !LINK! 
george soros ’ s tax bill = potentially up to $ 6.7 bln !LINK! via 
mais quel timing ! bravo ! 
with wooden guns ? !LINK! 
available at géant casino ( though i don't know if all locations have it ) #louisianahotsauce #americanflavor 
direct retaliation : at & t suspends superfast broadband plans !LINK! via 
egypt bomb theories spotlight insider threat to aviation !LINK! via 
tudor futures fund to close due to costs and time constraints ( oldest fund run by paul tudor jones ) !LINK! via 
just take half the week off and wait for the fed 
warehouses are now sexy investments : ' rise of e-commerce ‘ sheds ’ drives up industrial property values ' ( ft !LINK! 
we'll see : " why bond traders may be due for a rude awakening in fed minutes " !LINK! via 
... had a very shiny nose ... 
fish farming is far from being the panacea ( animal suffering and pollution ) . but it is indeed a lesser evil and a pragmatic alternative . 
lufthansa europe flights to get web access in inmarsat deal !LINK! via 
not off the lows ... 
the boss is back at wolfsburg - in a red bentley : ferdinand piëch ’ s influence seen everywhere at volkswagen !LINK! via 
foreign buyers undeterred by london sell-offs !LINK! via 
in your face daesh : " sorry , isis : smashed statues were fakes " !LINK! via 

bmw looks at whether google's alphabet infringes trademark rights , legal dispute " unlikely " !LINK! via 
once unthinkable , october rate boost now on wall street ’ s radar !LINK! via 
why drivers in china intentionally kill the pedestrians they hit . what the hell did i just read ? !LINK! via 
inside a billionaire's family office : navy seals , yacht captains !LINK! via 
could be seen as serious though ... #lt 
parallels with events which led to russian default in ' 98 : oil at $ 40 possible as market transforms caracas to iran !LINK! 
off to milan . 
i'm afraid us assets have topped : " qatar planning $ 35 billion of u . s . investments to diversify " !LINK! via 
you can say downtown , you know #onceanewyorker :) 
after killing twitter stock gain , dorsey wins praise !LINK! via 
$ eurchf 150mn , 250 pips roundtrip . 
busy day with lots of big big movers and shakers ... valeant , vmware and pearson all slaughtered for specific reasons . 
arrested trader sarao didn ’ t cause flash crash , ex-employer says !LINK! via 
not as fun as helicopter ben 
greenspan should join the fed . oh wait ... 
powerful dvorak's new world symphony !LINK! 
napoleon ’ s hat among items on sale as monaco prince seeks funds !LINK! via 
russian central bank in emergency mode . massive rate hike . 
thick bureaucracy even in the air : india's billionaires want their own airport !LINK! via 
something fresh for your ears : ♪ loframes - get real ♫ !LINK! #sax 
more debt please : altice said to be in talks with banks to finance time warner cable bid ( rtrs ) 
waaaw nasdaq down by 8.6 % as $ aapl gets crushed ( - 11 % ) , along with the rest . good luck folks . 
vietnam , chinese boats clash near disputed south china sea isles !LINK! ( almost like paracel storm in #bf4 ) 
what if not a not so subtle way to make itself a candidate for takeovers ? $ hpe $ hpq 
this is getting worse by the second ... don't know what's true and what's not but what's sure is that paris / france is under attack again . 
mcdonald's v taco bell : fast food wars turn ugly !LINK! 
high profile guests ... but that's about the only good thing about it . 
twitter inc ( twtr ) soars on analyst day !LINK! via 
investors are so desperate for yield ... 
bomb may have brought down russian plane over egypt , u . k . says !LINK! via 
high expectations ahead of $ twtr ( + 5 % ! ) earnings ... might weigh on the shares after the effective release . 
dear what the hell did you do ? ? bring back from 7am to 8am please ! 
won't you stop tweeting about what $ aapl could buy or distribute with its massive cash hoard ? 
economic booster ( probably not in north dakota though ) rt " : * gasoline futures drop below $ 2 / gal first time since 2010 " 
spread the word , walmart is spreading the wealth . a little bit . " $ wmt to increase hourly wages " via !LINK! 
dong planning world's biggest offshore wind farm for u . s . waters , off martha's wineyard coast !LINK! via 
great edition on formula one today by the way . must read . 
against the will of a majority of european countries and citizens . 
great success ! rt * german gov't spox says greek reforms have yielded success , economy is growing again - rtrs 
bofaml's european earnings season update : 35 % of firms have reported and 57 % beat top-line expectations ; 51 % beat eps estimates ( vs 53 % avg ) 
crude oil $ 50 handle , front-month contracts have now retraced 61.8 % of their recent uptrend . cheers 
just finished watching house of cards ' latest season . took some time to pick-up steam but still a great show ! 
what's wrong with thailand ? 
meet the hermit crab who lives inside a toothpaste cap !LINK! #plasticpollution 
interest in the successor of the sold-out veyron is “ phenomenal !LINK! via $ vow ” 
lagarde warns world to brace for volatility if fed surprises !LINK! via #fomc 
byob in titusville ( where colonel drake first found oil ) to fill her up . not talking about a bottle here . 
sdr basket review next year : imf decision could propel renminbi past sterling and yen !LINK! 
can't stop myself from thinking about inside job when i hear larry summers speak . 
gates , pritzkers fuel $ 5 billion battery race challenging musk !LINK! via 
interesting article about jean todt with several anecdotes !LINK! via #scuderia #fia 
my advice would be to stop thinking you're him ! !LINK! 
just listen to beethoven's fantastic , timeless symphony no . 6 !LINK! 
cash-rich split-offs technique used for duracell will save berkshire $ 1bln on taxes !LINK! via $ pg $ brk . b 
black gold next frontier for top billionaires : corporate mexico !LINK! via 
credit agricole deputy ceo musca detained in pollster probe !LINK! via 
brazil bargains beckon after s & p downgrades to ‘ junk ’ !LINK! via 
baker hughes us rig count : oil rig count following a pattern very similar to gas rig count translated 6 years later 
it's more than just cracks within cdu / csu ruling party . likely to get much worse as migration flows continue . 
ça se précise : " alcatel , nokia ceos to meet hollande today " ( rtrs ) 
battle of the rothschilds in paris as name grab sparks complaint !LINK! via 
hello ! i systematically get an error when i try to join any server on pc > > no contact with ea online . no change after reboot . 
let the man speak :) 
solar is dead . long live solar . $ sune , $ scty , down by more than 8 % each . 
sabmiller's chinese partner said to seek pitches on snow beer jv !LINK! via 
first time in quite a while that $ twtr shows strength , all the more since the market goes the other way . go birdy . 
high probability he's right !LINK! 
monkey ’ s weekly rewind – episode 72 | margin call !LINK! via 
another proof this is evil : isis ' destroys ' famous lion god statue in syrian city of palmyra ... and kills more people !LINK! 
youku tudou is china's equivalent of youtube 
beethoven sonata playing before yellen speaks . great taste at the #fomc 
times square ’ s biggest and most expensive digital billboard is set to shine !LINK! 
noto : twitter is just about to pass the 100k advertisers mark 
bounce back !LINK! 
über effect : taxi medallion prices drop in several major u . s . cities !LINK! via 
ouch , i bought a game less than 2 hours ago , now seeing it discounted 50 % does not seeem right . 
" patience " is back #gold 
baselworld 2015 : watch picks !LINK! via 
europe picks a bad moment to engage turkey !LINK! #merkel #euromembership 
ferrari said to push for $ 12.4 billion valuation in ipo !LINK! via 
another ugly open for solar stocks ... those losing " just " 8 % can be considered as strong performers . 
" rubenstein says private equity ’ s fees , investors have changed " - !LINK! 
formula one could be sold this year : ecclestone !LINK! via 
from an entrepreneurial pov , such address change is perfectly understandable . sad that successful cos & youths leave greece . 
the fed's cold war bunker had $ 4 billion cash for after the apocalypse !LINK! 
in zaparozhie that is . 
it's best practice :) 
the process has only just begun , candidates could be from twitter ot outsiders 
and from larry . always listen to larry . 
a university president becomes an uber driver : " in less than 24 hours , i became a driver " . !LINK! 
rofl !LINK! 
spot gold just hit $ 1,180 , a major level ( former multi-months low ) . closing above that level would likely allow for a rebound . 
well of course clear water is so precious in the region it would be a sin to flood tunnels with it . 
crude oil ended < $ 50 . time to place a bid at the next us army hmmwv auction !LINK! 
bond buyers lose easy-money trade as alibaba disappoints !LINK! via 
soviet-style drama going on in moscow . 
$ twtr falls enough to get it back under my radar . 
goldman sachs taps snapchat for recruiting millennials !LINK! via 
oops djia , s & p both red . 
there is no fire without smoke !LINK! 
russia's ' dark ' warplanes are spooking europe !LINK! via 
french 13 - year-old becomes youngest jihadi to die fighting for isil | via !LINK! 
autonation's ceo : " people have short memories and forget about fuel efficiency " . true words . buy hummer h1s . 
i've seen similar situations for most kinds of meat over here in europe , not only served by airlines . 
thanks for the link . i was wondering about what happens with my profile ( and progression ) if i decide to return the game 1/2 
gs is bullish on fixed line incumbents as new technologies ( vplus , g.fast ) will enable 200mb / s over copper $ dte $ ora 
how long can denmark hold the line ? 
yahoo spinoff precedent magnifies stock losses : chart of the day !LINK! via 
merci beaucoup mon cher :) 
drone in monaco filming the fireworks !LINK! 
here comes the $ 56 handle $ cl_f 
agadez traffickers profit from movement through niger to libya !LINK! 
prince alwaleed calls for new twitter chief executive !LINK! via 
it's free : mines in america's coal country just sold for a total of nothing !LINK! via 
nuclear industry : mitsubishi heavy asked to invest in areva's reactor unit - nikkei !LINK! 
wikipedia's wales : " we're more patient than china " 
6 hours later , skype is still down . 
$ twtr up 6 % in afterhours trading following this huge breaking news . the street had been expecting management change , here you go ! 
dean martin and frank sinatra medley !LINK! 
all-in :) 
flash boys raising volatility in wild new treasury market !LINK! via 
new short trade from chanos : cheniere $ lng !LINK! via 
crude oil back to $ 50 / bbl . 
deal or no deal ? 
new records on the eve of christmas eve #santaclausrally 
contango : " commodity traders exploit crude crash to make oil storage king " !LINK! via 
pensions & wages account for ~ 80 % of the country's budget spending . 
iran's man in new york is hunting for billions of dollars !LINK! via 
♪ when you're smiling , keep on smiling ♫ !LINK! 
nooon 
kurdistan not happy iraq does not make agreed upon payments . iraq not happy kurdistan supplies a bit less than agreed upon amount ... 
tout fiche le camp #lastrt #ferrari 
well , first session of 2015 , usd keeps rising ( eur / usd @ 1.2000 ! ) , oil hits fresh multi-year low , presence of volatility confirmed . 
gold hitting the lows 
the worst part is that it was a pure waste of manpower and human lives : the belomorkanal was too shallow to have any economic or milatary use 
rtrs : iraq , kurdistan oil deal may collapse amid tension 
metro to sell kaufhof stores to hudson ’ s for $ 3.2 billion !LINK! via $ meo 
pause fiscale !LINK! 
a cuba optimist keeps on waiting !LINK! via 
egyptian billionaire identifies two islands for refugee haven !LINK! via 
abu sayyaf , key isis figure in syria , killed in u . s . raid - !LINK! !LINK! 
wealth can be grown and lost , but here it will always remain . 
and here goes volkswagen ... acknowledges further irregularities . 
stm , nxp , on semi ... all issue poor outlooks today . and that's just today . tough time to be in the market of semiconductors . 
nice painting but ... way too much petrodollars out there ... " gauguin painting sells for almost $ 300 million " !LINK! via 
quite sad that out of 11 grand-children , none has showed willingness to study / prepare for a top job at sika ... 
some brokers resume chf trading , such as fxpro which now requires a maximum leverage of 1:10 ( on chf crosses ) cautiousness prevails . 
from a recent note : " if mgmt did change , the stock may rise because it would get an extended leash to prove itself " ... $ twtr 
sad that today's generations ignore most of the atrocities committed under stalin's rule . read soljenitsyne's gulag archipelago . eye-opening 
dark pool trading exchanges brace for new competition from plato !LINK! via 
this is twitter's first television ad campaign !LINK! via 
saudi oil maintains asian market share - !LINK! !LINK! via 
hewlett-packard splits in two today . now what ? !LINK! via 
infinity pool , low tide . 
but the trend is your friend , ciao . 
twitter cutting jobs , now snapchat ... social media companies are just traditional companies now . 
saudi wells running dry - - of water - - spell end of desert wheat !LINK! via 
women and children first ! 
why cocaine farmers are getting into chocolate instead !LINK! via 
this picture shows the ' monte carlo beach ' , this is france territory . i'll grant you the atmosphere is similar :) 
up up up 
will the fed hike rates in december ? #fomc 
sunedison solar power beats gas with colorado ’ s biggest project ( and loses 10 % anyway ) !LINK! via 
do you mean halal meats for those who did not order a halal meal ? 
it's been a pleasant day ! 
wal-mart sues puerto rico over ‘ astonishing ’ tax increases !LINK! via 
the famous / notorious floating palace named " a " ( designed by stark ) among other mega yachts off monaco 
vietnam seeks investment boost with wave of industry opening !LINK! via 
innovation at its finest !LINK! 
even daesh dislikes the fed as the barbarians set up return to the gold dinar !LINK! via 
héhé !LINK! 
" frenchest thing imaginable other than a croissant sitting in a café eating a baguette ... " :) 
enjoying free access to today ! i wish my employer also subscribed to digital access but that has little to no chance of happening . 
hope it does not end up like ' hollywood ending ' ! " amazon signs woody allen to create a television series " !LINK! via 
what companies would allow to have exposure to pets with petsmart now private and petco maybe not coming back to the market ? 
japan aims to crack the aviation market with its first new passenger plane in four decades !LINK! via 
sabmiller said to have rejected informal offer from ab inbev !LINK! via 
welll ... i had this issue for 30 mn , it's just started to work . hooah ! 
promising year ahead 
good morning paris 
mark zuckerberg will donate massive fortune to own blinkered worldview !LINK! 
greece's debt due : what greece owes when #cashcrunch #debtwall !LINK! 
once again , alcatel shareholders get hurt . 
beatrayed by dre ? !LINK! via $ aapl 
" pearson to sell economist stake for $ 731 million to exit news " - !LINK! 
hahaha 
when the big dip comes , that will hurt . 
the mafias secret bunkers bbc documentary !LINK! 
$ eurchf on fire 
we did not see that coming ... !LINK! 
no rush though 
go birdy , you can do it $ twtr 
shanghai composite index now negative ytd , cheers ! 
my name is fedex !LINK! 
i've found it ! ! louisiana hot sauce , i had been looking for it since i left the us 18mo ago 
cruise ’ s mission possible is a $ 56 million movie opening !LINK! via 
amazing line-up , for the fomc annoucement , it can't be bad 
egypt has flooded tunnels between its land and gaza , used to smuggle goods / weapons in and out , with sea water . 
the networker : martin sorrell of wpp !LINK! via 
smi index : all 2014 gains wiped out in less than 2 sessions . have a good weekend 
this saudi billionaire can run a business but not drive !LINK! via 
hello , i indicated in my profile that i want a vegetarian menu . when signed in to book a flight 1/2 
big soccer match ! don't worry for him , he was evacuated as soon as the attacks started 
many dots placed on the higher part of the dot plot probably stem from non-voting members in 2015 . hence potentially slower rate hikes . #lt 
what od i like most about ? well , except its great content day in and day out , it often talks about formula 1 . 
interesting thoughts from kepler's latest note on marine harvest ( rated as a buy and very much worth reading ) 
pearson may well be the target of an activist , it has most of the expected characteristics . 
spot gold looks like it wants to break lower at this point ... 
present idea ? travelers are taking no-frills cruises on ocean freighters !LINK! 
amazon resolves dispute with hachette over e-book prices !LINK! via $ amzn $ mmb 
oil traders hire tanks on tiny island to profit from global glut !LINK! via #contango #glencore #vitol 
another busy day for swiss assets with $ smi falling another 2 % 
fed statement opens a door for december without committing to step outside | pimco blog !LINK! 
( vonovia being deutsche annington's new name by the way ) 
" when shale hedges fail : the downside of three-ways " : so , not hedged then ? by !LINK! 
big environmental and potentially public health issue . 
i had no idea livestock farming looked like that : " the bull who sired 500,000 offspring is gone " !LINK! via 
people may well complain but they will get used to it . it's just a damn button after all . 
they used to be . now they have matured . 
as previously tweeted , solar energy has become competitive in sunnier states . soon to be elsewhere . and it's coming faster than you'd think . 
german airwave auction raises $ 5.7 billion to top 2010 sale ; french auction by the end of this year !LINK! 
suez canal expansion achieved in 12 months : travel time to drop from 18 to 11 hours . it works fast under sisi ! !LINK! 
trump still way ahead of ben carson and the from the pack . but irresistible rise seems over now . !LINK! 
f1 aristocrats 
google threatens to air microsoft and apple's dirty code !LINK! via 
solar power gets attention in the oil kingdom !LINK! 
opec brings oil price war home in pursuit of asia's cash !LINK! via 
but they tell you it's been decontaminated ... !LINK! 
have you ever seen strategist consensus ahead of stock market moves ? :) 
gs sees 2 scenarios : 1 / blue-sky one where incumbents raise price ; thus not impacting cable that much 
‘ catch me if you can ’ con man says technology aids fraud !LINK! 
california just had a stunning increase in solar !LINK! via 
mayhem erupts on trading floors after swiss central bank removes cap on franc !LINK! via 
" i'm ceo yo " . if i may . 
shake shack to go public !LINK! #frenchfries 
sharply down indeed !LINK! 
saint-gobain riding u . s . housing recovery as french market slows !LINK! via 
hedge fund managers may want to stick to their ferraris and lamborghinis rather than vws !LINK! via 
from the : " the bundesbank has scoured the world for sellers , including safe " #shortsupply #qe 
you'd have to really hate him to pay such price : " the rope used to hang saddam could be sold for at least $ 7 million !LINK! 
respect , yo ! !LINK! 
update 1 - doubleline's gundlach says u . s . yield curve to flatten-cnbc !LINK! via 
there is only one " the voice " , it's frank sinatra #thevoice 
#ff & friends 
just to gain a few kilos and be able to be on the starting grid . that is the origin of the silver arrows . go nico by the way #formulaone 
i see you changed the picture . good job :) 
us oil rig count declines to 922 ( - 64 ) !LINK! via 
sunedison pivots away from yield companies that can't buy plants !LINK! via 
tu peux garder ta banane 
about to move to geneva , i'm now heavily sensitive to $ eurchf swings and very much concerned about the latest developments . 
if it's daesh or its affiliates , it would further legitimize russian strikes and potentially unleash a deserved firestorm on the barbarians . 
rofl rt : breaking : rates strategists react to collapsing yields 
good lord , patricia is a beast . i pray for mexico . 
mbia down 23 % in a day , like old times 
india : world's first fully solar-powered airport inaugurated in kochi !LINK! via #kochi 
rather macao than monaco for that matter 
bien volontiers , go ! :) 
oh tes copains ! 
monthly investment outlook from bill gross about monopoly and markets ( from late jan . ) !LINK! 
ferguson officer compared brown to hulk hogan !LINK! via 
what are the odds volkswagen also resorted to cheating in european pollution tests ? and other car makers ? hence pressure across the board . 
so ... considerable or not ? 
natalie jaresko : " the american woman who stands between putin and ukraine " !LINK! via 
sticker price shock for europcar - - overheard !LINK! via 
i wanted to watch a show about financial markets but no , no way ! the donald is live ... 
diesel specialists first , that's perfectly understandable . 
unica notizia positiva del giorno : il natale è abbastanza vicino per comprare il primo pandoro dell'anno , quello che ho fatto . #motta 
... " if we are in the upper third of the slope then the image of the avalanche is a real challenge . we germans cannot cope with this alone " . 
again with the attitude ... !LINK! 
hopefully , competition and unexpected developments will return in the next few seasons 
the $ 200,000 suv is here — and here to stay !LINK! via 
aquaculture growth & comparison of carbon footprints of different animal protein sources : salmon wins 
greece has long been a big spender on defense !LINK! 
implications of the snb decision extend far beyond switzerland !LINK! via 
if you pay peanuts , you get monkeys $ mcd $ wmt 
tips about twitter from one of the coolest anchors on tv : ( he's more thant that though ) !LINK! via 
your poor shoes ... 
buffett builds rail superhighway to grab truck freight !LINK! via #bnsf 
bofa upgrades its target price on vivendi from € 24.70 to ... € 36 ! the rationale is that umg is deeply undervalued $ viv 
thanks a lot :) 
look at those morons : tourists slammed for preventing sea turtles from laying their eggs !LINK! via 
dude , where ’ s my humvee ? iraq losing equipment to islamic state at staggering rate !LINK! 
oh just that ... dell faces $ 60 billion in total debt with emc deal !LINK! via 
i had no idea ! " egyptian flooding drowns gaza's tunnel business " !LINK! via 
mediaset : da oggi il leader di forza italia torna un uomo libero !LINK! via #freeberlusconi 
here comes a all-time holiday classic : frank sinatra and bing crosby christmas special 1957 !LINK! #xmaswithclass 
for an analyst , this is bearish ! rt : goldman : ' we forecast a slim 1 % total return to s & p 500 during the next 12 months ' 
hedge fund manager who remembers 1998 rout says prepare for pain !LINK! via 
nyc's luxury-condo king shifts gears in bid for chinese buyers !LINK! via 
jim chanos ( and other $ scty short-sellers ) must be very happy . massive short interest on that name ( 44 % ) . 
" bill gross's bullish brazilian bond wager paying off in october " - !LINK! 
except the limo is a mercedes . 
mcclintock well : " the 153 - year-old oil well that produces nonstop in boom and bust " !LINK! 
amazon arrives on golden globes stage $ amzn $ nflx !LINK! via 
beware , beware dear $ lnkd : facebook wants to move into the office !LINK! via 
and back to $ 35 , congrats $ twtr 
ruble almost flat now . game over russia . 
algos are too busy elsewhere , heavy news flow ! 
, i missed today's single best chart . what was it about ? 
timber 
another sad day for air travel ... 
brutal monday for gold bugs , back to $ 1,150 / oz . 
symmetry #lakegeneva 
earlier today , final paragliding ride for a worthy athlete in this year's edition of the 
barbarians : these are the men that slaughtered 132 innocent children !LINK! 
oil glut is a boon to shippers , as buyers stock up at low prices !LINK! $ cl_f 
idem !LINK! 
