as the first meaning is very rarely used ( and most younger people , i think , aren't even aware of it ) , i don't think so ... 
you're a better man than i am , gunga din . 
publishing a new translation of the red book of westmarch can get you sued by the tolkien estate , apparently : !LINK! 
thing is , birds are dinosaurs . nature is really neat in that way . 

it was so terrible 
the solution i had in mind was 10:33 in geneva , boat at 12:05 in vevey , and then back via montreux ? 
!LINK! !LINK! 
wes hāl ! 
what if this becomes your equivalent to capaldi's letters to radio times that they'll show on morning shows when you're on . 
( con still means the same in french as cunnus in latin . ) 
" hamilton wrote the other fifty one ! " 
judith butler pour toujours . 
" hi , i'm legolas greenleaf , and welcome to jackass . " 
well they were around with the dinosaurs , so they probably did actually , they're cool like that . 
" langue pure " , yurk 
" what is carnal embrace , septimus ? " 
!LINK! 
thou what thou wilt ? !LINK! 
what 
" how do you write like you ’ re running out of time ? write day and night like you ’ re running out of time ? " !LINK! 
" amundsen's team actually gained weight during the expedition " 
" [ she has ] found a window in her trip to prague ... " andy orchard at his best : !LINK! ( cc ) 
peak swissness ... !LINK! 
!LINK! !LINK! 
judith butler , je te choisis ! 
if it's not on the 12th or 20th , count me in ! 
for example , the british views of amundsen who dared to do his research and used dogs to reach the south pole ... 
. uses nora's concept of the lieu de mémoire to describe the use of place in religious drama , and i make an excited face ! #emomedia 
" you are the subject of a riddle . you are either genitalia or some innocuous household object . this is hilarious . " !LINK! 
i am not holding my breath , but i hope they'll eventually make a deal to publish the later ones too ... 
wouldn't it have more to do with the socio-economic background associated with these names , though ? 
et breakfast at tiffany's , alors ? :D 
piccolo , saxo et compagnie . #eurovision2015 #eurovisionsl 
organised by anita auer and denis renevey ! do we have a hashtag ? 
writing process : !LINK! 
!LINK! 
if it's anything like the 30 rock finale , i'm gonna end up watching them and rewatching them , crying . 
it's apparently better now , but i can't really tell ... 
!LINK! 
c o l l e c t o r 
the york minster and its slightly upsetting asymmetry . !LINK! 
hey , bravo ! 
* hisss * 
littérature norroise : “ king , bear in mind / how my ode is wrought : dealing with kings through magic and poetry in egil ’ s saga ” 
will do ! ( that's an awesome street name . ) 
ah oui , d'accord . #toujoursmanseekingwomanregardezcettesérie 
no , but it seems like i should ! 
i don't know if you've seen this stewart lee bit ? !LINK! 
shakespeare scholars have had quite a painful day : !LINK! 
wait , so it has to be one of the first instances of product placement ! 
!LINK! 
" now is the autumn of our semester made glorious summer by this sun of york " #radioerasmus 
well , tells me she liked him too , so apparently it is a good way of determining compatibility . 
nooon 
porgy and bess 2 : lost in new york 
je te redis ! 
they use them to kill snakes : !LINK! 
inspector spacetime , obviously . 
. points out the importance of the social level in medieval pageants : you go see a pageant because your friend is in it . #emomedia 
monogamie = monogamy . monogame = monagamous . 
fair ( albeit unlikely ) point ! here too , my great-grandfather had a finely tuned wine cooler . 
certes . 
yeah , the abortion paralell is rather hard to see , though . it was an egg about to hatch , not a foetus ... 
you are one with the manual . 
" hey antoine , are you coming to the beowulf guest lecture ? " well , i am * now * . 
it's open everyday , and there are enough boats even on sundays , i think . 
it took me five minutes to understand the middle ones , i am ashamed . 
shakespeare trip , day iii . as you like it was great . food , also great . !LINK! 
the most mind boggling thing about explore : it includes online documents by default , which is useless for most users . 
oh , that's quite alright ! i do need a bit of pressure there , otherwise i'll never get around to writing anything on it :D 
watch and learn , sorkin ! 
" we did it redd - epfl ! " 
don't know if you saw it , but watermark notwithstanding , this picture would make a great wallpaper : !LINK! 
of course , the mormatron 3000 is impervious to heat . 
ｌａ ｄａｎｓｅ ｍｏｒｒｉｓ 
krkrkr :D 
oh , nice ! i do hope i will be able to get the one medieval class i wanted , as i am an exchange student ... 
wait no , i completly forgot , they do pronounce it as in english in the last position , like handy . i'm dumb . 
too soon . !LINK! 
" they were trees , and trees don ’ t weep or ache or shout . and trees are all this poem is about . " !LINK! 
you're welcome ! your university library might have a list of useful databases , if you need more specific things ... 
raised in lausanne and living near neuchâtel , i shouldn't be saying this , but lake annecy is the most beautiful in the region . 
me checking to see if he would be , probably . 
( alex did go far with them ) 
the joke about making a bridge in ten seconds was always my fave in any disney movie . 
there's sara lance and hawkgirl in it , and arthur darvill plays a time-traveller , apparently . 
i was sure you would see it at some point anyway . 
" brendan coyle ... manages to deliver his lines as if he is simultaneously james stewart in it ’ s a wonderful life and hannibal lecter . " 
it's on . #htagg !LINK! 
there is supposed to be one called " england in europe : from beowulf to the roman d'aeneas " , which sounds absolutely great . 
i don't use it on my phone , thankfully , and i'm on android so i avoid the pitfalls of the iphone :D 
say hi to home for me ! 
listen to classical music tend to come from privileged backgrounds , and so on ... 
ah , voilà , ici : !LINK! 
ooooh . 
ce prof est absolument incroyable . 
also incoming to york ? 
in the text , lancelot offers of something akin to friendship to the maid of astolat , as he is already in love with guinevere . #emomedia 
certainly , positively ! 
shakespeare trip , day two . the people are nice and the beer is good . !LINK! 
baaah , " thy will be done " ça manque pas de respect , hein . 
" ich plauderte und plauderte und das war schlecht , und drum geschieht es mir schon recht , drum geschieht es mir schon recht . " 
i think he's even more socially conservative than the current president , though he might be more on the left economically . 
sanjay subrahmanyam <3 
us thinketh hem ; and yet they spake hem so , and spedde as wel in love as men now do ... 
oooh , apparently this is a new development in canada : !LINK! 
farewell , york and geese ! !LINK! 
to turin in the 18th century . 
well i have not been in contact ! did she offer you one ? 
the key next to backspace , then the letter the circumflex goes on . 
rebravo ! 
the software can also determine the " keyness " of a word , and compare it to its " keyness " in a wider corpus . #emomedia 
et oui jamy je me trouve actuellement en syrie 
i feel like it's only worth it if you're going to the big authentic ones . 
tu me dis si ils citent forsyth . 
a modest proposal ? 
" or in a clear-walled city on the sea ... " !LINK! 
( what do you mean it's not healthier ? ) 
/ ʁəpɛʀʀʀ / 
yup . 
aw :( 
!LINK! 
well , to an extent , you still have to book your tickets :D 
i wonder how i escaped with some money still left in my wallet . !LINK! 
i deeply regret my absence ! have fun :) 
hurrah for the a1 and its traffic jams ? 
#teamunil 
beowulf in the alps , fitt i : the arming of the hero !LINK! 
the lords of misrule rehearse ... !LINK! 
the master race . mec . 
je confirme . #enfanceensuisse 
la petite charlotte ! le polyglotte ! la sorcière de minuit ! 
precisely ! 
" eh , close enough " 
i know , i know ... 
" a level for people who talk in the theater and scholars who don't put their glosses on the same page as the text ... a special hell . " 
there is also this module called from tennyson to tolkien that is in the english ba that my supervisor allowed me to take . 
do you mean they reveal the results precinct by precinct ? that seems ... fairly common ? 
!LINK! 
un dimanche bien rempli . !LINK! 
and yet ... 
although in that case there is obviously a racist element to it , too ... 
there could be a protest of planets on this building ! 
that one seems tailored for , and : !LINK! 
" may the proving drawers be ever in your favor . " 
genfbaiting . 
actually , it's about ethics in street naming . 
literary starbucks wins the day : !LINK! 
sighs of relief are heard in our carriage ! 
today's epiphany : " in a way , dunbar's tretis of the twa mariit wemen and the wedo is the gone girl of its day ! " 
aw <3 
time to get back to our classroom for a roundtable discussion , with opening on anger in old norse and old english . #emomedia 
good god . 
? 
alls gueti und viel glück ! 
little swiss things . 
obligatory sentai school reference ( cc ) ( yes , that character is a robot indeed ) . 
which already means you're the very model of a modern major-general ! 
" whenever i get gloomy with the state of the world , i think about the arrivals gate at heathrow airport ... " 
hello ! we should get t-shirts for the twitter medievalists club . 
the workshop is over for today , after a fascinating final discussion on gestures and emotion ! #emomedia 
#teamexpertsenressemblancesfoireuses 
#teamlotharingie 
among its uses : establishment of authorship , concordancing , grammatical analyses ... #emomedia 
!LINK! !LINK! 
in this department , that's a fairly good safety measure ! 
wow , better than us even ! 
\ o / 
judith butler , salle comble . 
oh , yes , i see what you mean . same phenomenon here ... 
all the faves . 
<3 
" the most metal deaths in middle-earth , ranked " <3 !LINK! 
york = avalon . 
now , if anyone knows how to install the med on word , i'm listening . 
? 
je prends . 
krkkrk 
because it's less " efficient " . they favor the shortest way , not the prettiest ! 
it is very nice , especially when we don't suffocate because of a heat wave , so i've picked the right moment to get back . 
yeah , they manage to actually survive , unlike the less awesome dinosaurs . 
i've sometimes managed to slip some in the actual essays , or to actually keep a joke title . 
iranian seventh doctor . 
a nice place to end up in , if one actually intends to end up here . but otherwise , yeah , it's rather out of the way ... 
we're looking at the occurrences of " sangwyn " , me for " sanguine " : two times in the gp . #emomedia 
he dies at the end of the second one ( " i have been - and always shall be - your friend . " ) , but he's resurrected and they go 
. !LINK! 
tis ' the season ! 
" mort had never heard the phrase ' pre-raphaelite ' , which was a pity because it would have been almost the right description . " <3 
quo usque tandem abutere , murus , patientia nostra ? !LINK! 
someone i know ? 
noot-noot . 
that's why it's so great that it's on nbc , no way it's gonna last eight seasons ! 
you might have to press alt when pressing the first key , if you're on your laptop ... 
same for the ask / aks . 
isn't there something for blog entries ? 
i hope that the weather on the léman is better than on the lake of neuchâtel ! 
" but such comical failures are part and parcel of the medievalist lifestyle . " !LINK! ( via ) 
gallifrey base , keepin it real . 
" ship , my ship ! i seek the west , and fields and mountains ever blest . farewell to middle-earth at last . " !LINK! 
10 points to unige . 
!LINK! 
yeah , thank god our guidelines are a bit more modern : !LINK! 
no concept of friendship as distinct from " love " , which is the wider , all-encompassing term in me , not necessarily romantic . #emomedia 
a disgrace ! ( neither have i , though , surprisingly we never went with my father or grandfather ... ) 
too many cumberbatches 
well , that too . 
" des radios comme ... radiogiscard ! " 
back on twitter ? ^ ^ 
!LINK! 
our home economics cookbooks ( and my mother's ) are quite good , and my father's ginette mathiot is a classic . 
ore wa yoanesu kurisosutomosu ! 

( ou alors " beggar that i am , i am even poor in cinqs ; but i cinq you , and sure , dear friends , my cinqs are too dear a halfpenny . " ) 
also , i realized only much later that i basically turned into a version of michael j . fox's character at some point . 
tush ! 
!LINK! !LINK! 
!LINK! 
( the search for spock ) then , they have to go back to stand trial but when they arrive earth is threatened by a catastrophe . 
the lords of misrule rehearse with south park jesus ! !LINK! 
problem : the first phrase is unique in the corpus , and the second one is juxtaposed with a similar use regarding guinevere ! #emomedia 
trapped by european clothing stores and their " fake " university sweatshirts ! 
#humblebrag 
tea and ( viking ) cookies ? must be the end of the semester ... !LINK! 
same here . 
quand revient sur twitter : !LINK! 
a day around the parks . !LINK! 
:P 
animal crossing ? 
thank you ! i hope you're alright yourself , what with the stitches ... 
!LINK! ? 
j'onn j'onzz . 
" wassail and wassail , all over the town ! " 
#teamhathi 
show off . 
first happy consequence of having enrolled at york : new databases to get my hands on ! 
this has to be the best version of this joke . 
!LINK! 
aye , there's the rub ... 
fare thee well ! 
i appear to have lost the bibliography ! but the edition the speaker used was the hilding kjellman one . she did mention 
\ o / enjoooy 
#nonantefrancs 
fuck yes . 

and don't forget the swiss federal elections . although , no all-nighter , we're done voting by noon . 
given that it involves coffee and boréal , that sounds like a question for and 
oh , yes , i've seen that one . it's not dissimilar to the prejudice faced by " foreign " sounding names in many contexts ... 
bingo . 
( the dream vision one is even funnier to me for academical reasons . ) 
" alas , poor rayman ! i knew him , aisha : a fellow of infinite jest , of most excellent fancy . " 
ph'nglui mglw'nafh cthulhu jorvik wgah'nagl fhtagn , as they say . 
looking for him on the planet where he has landed . 
i think i might know . 
!LINK! 
silmarillion movie confirmed 
it's certainly one of the most common insults in the language today , in any case . 
you're the worst ! 
johanssen ? 
great thanks to for everything , and to for potentially giving me a tentative ma thesis topic ... #emomedia 
ganz güet :D 
!LINK! 
background : !LINK! !LINK! 
there was a huge storm around my house , and my family were drenched on the shore ! 
des chiffres ? 
wyrd bið ful aræd : !LINK! 
i had to empty my room to repaint the wall and redo the floor ! but look , they're safe home , now : 
which one ? 
denis renevey looks at the word " sweet " , " du " , in the anglo-norman lyric " quant jeo pens de jhesu crist " ... #emomedia 
the only reference to a " truie " in french occurs in 2 peter , apparently . 
predictably enough ... !LINK! 
i think they still have some sw rpg to announce , and then , maybe ... but given how this is going , i wouldn't get my hopes up . 
!LINK! !LINK! 
medium ? 
that reminds me that i need to buy a heavy duty umbrella before the semester starts . 
#littleswissthings 
as you like it . 
thanks for validating my study choices , victoria ! !LINK! 
je vais tenter de regarder ça ... 
badge galochage . 
" ( ... ) she would fondly reminisce about all the laughs she had working with dear sue perkins . " 
i will be gone by then D: 
hey jade ! what can one do / visit when spending a day in durham ? besides the cathedral / castle ? 
a day around the castro . !LINK! 
of course . 
\ o / 
what , tu dois annoter tes bibliographies ? 
oy vey , this is only a few yiddish words away from being the most new york sentence ever . 
but then i only bought the one book : 
2002 , je crois . 
oh , thank you ! that's a lot to cram in a day , great ! 
" now morn her rosy steps in the eastern clime ... " damn it , milton . 
yay \ o / 
" non sperar , se non m ’ uccidi , ch ’ io ti lasci fuggir mai ! – donna folle ! indarno gridi , chi son io tu non saprai ! " 
ich habe hochdeutsch an der schule gelernt ! aber le schwyzertüütsch c'est sympa aussi , même si c'est un peu étrange . 
( i'm sorry , i'm so sorry . ) 
\ o 
might be the one to ask ? 
anything used to prepare coffee without being too technical is called cafetière . cafetière à piston for french press . 
funny that , it's incredibly sunny in town now 😅 
( my journey towards becoming like my father is progressing too quickly for my taste . ) 
a day in the life of a fictional female reporter : !LINK! !LINK! 
eek for to winne love in sondry ages , in sondry londes , sondry ben usages . " si même chaucer le savait ... 
oh , i just started watching , i get it now . yeah , that seems weird , but then again i come from a country ... 
argh ! 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
which area ? 
polyamour and polyamoureuse / polyamoureux are used , though perhaps more infrequently than in english . 
!LINK! 
!LINK! !LINK! 
next speaker : marcel elias , on romance fluidity , emotional interpolations , and blurring the christian-saracen divide . #emomedia 
from words to imagery , we're analysing ivories with catherine yvard . #emomedia ( fascinating session , but harder to livetweet ! ) 
oh ! 
just wait until april comes at us with a firebrand , you'll see who truly is the cruellest month , breeding lilacs out of the dead ... 
that might be a swiss thing , mind . a vos / tes souhaits might be more common . 
my life , right now : !LINK! 
yes , i've noticed that it sometimes acts up , weirdly . 
or mitt romney . 
let it be known that is the best . 
durham is as pretty as it is windy today ... !LINK! 
to cook the leeks ! we don't actually put cabbage in it , it's in the sausage . 
spooky montriond . 
\ o / 
i'll jump in your train in lausanne , or i'll come to geneva , don't worry about me . but i think the best way is through vevey 
but yes , that would fit quite neatly ! 
actual primary school teacher john bercow : !LINK! 
!LINK! 
" the palais fédéral , wednesdays at ten , only on nbc . " 
( i am just a lazy bastard , johnny . ) 
!LINK! 
snl adam sandler is the best adam sandler . 
👌 wowowowow . 
\ o 
can't ! 
nullae candelae candelae , ante vesperorum vota ! 
so it was not sensible to use their own fish as food ? 
\ o / 
pareil ici :/ 
" what has roots as nobody sees , is taller than trees , up , up it goes , and yet never grows ? " !LINK! 
it's getting worse , i think : 
well , i hope you like the idea of grapes for dinner ... 
the jet lag says yes . 
she should ! 
" small fishing village " ... 
ben and kate . 
fair enough ! 
#pointeolas 
that is true dedication ! 
( i only need to do 40 uk credits / 20 ects to finish up my ma classes ) 
vive la mgh ... 
i need to go there sometime , but the really interesting things are not there anymore : the archives were moved 
and i thought that the yodeling in the zurich airport skymetro was the height of swiss clichés ... 
<3 
" if those clear dishwashers jack donaghy thought of in the season finale of 30 rock existed " !LINK! 
* slow claps * 
i beg your pardon , it's the * appalling * hipster cafe , now . 
voilà . merci ! 
the amount of hate directed at anybody who was professional at something that amateurs did is always fascinating . 
and was the scottish accent perceptible on second viewing ? 
no , they * peacock * comedy . 
bn dieu 
that reminds me of prof . orchard , travelling with his good teabags ! 
i mean , where is the vulcan is a pretty easy clue though :D 
it really suits you ! 
" paris is always a good idea . " let's hope so , hm ? 
they are amazing . 
go ! it's brilliantly cast , wonderfully acted , and beautifully staged and scored ( the ticket prices aren't cheap , though ... ) 
ui 
quand ton boulot rencontre ta tl ( et ): 
i tried to go through the shambles , as if . 
that's nearly an hour of waiting in montreux though 
this edition is so great , i am currently collecting them all ! 
his first name is trevor in icelandic ( i wonder if they had conspiracy theories with the toad ) . #themoreyouknow 
" / r / kotakuinaction is on such a high horse that caligula could make it a consul " <3 / r / badphilosophy 
haha , yes , because geneva has to have its jeûne two weeks before the rest of us :D i'm in ! 
yeah , of con derives from latin cum . 
oh , what are you going to see ? 
ca existe ! !LINK! 
" ph'nglui mglw'nafh cthulhu neuchâtel wgah'nagl fhtagn ou bien . " 
my girlfriend is travelling from man to ams but her train is delayed bc storms . what does she need to do if she's late to the airport ? 
team hilda or team bede , myself :D 
oh , you meant * noble * households from the start , i see ! i thought it included fishing families ... 
riddles , biscuits and mead . smells like end of term ! !LINK! 
groundlings ? groundlings . !LINK! 
neuchâtel , bien sûr ! 
in french moka ( and orthographic variants ) means coffee , or sometimes coffee with chocolate . 
" gervais maþelode , genfes scolere " 
i finally managed to get some for october when they added the later batch , so i hope you'll have my luck ! 
❤ ❤ ❤ 
aye , but to study abroad , and go we know not where ? wait . i know where i am going . 
\ o / 
i wouldn't like to be endorsed by sarkozy , though :D 
" o earth , how like to heav'n , if not preferr'd more justly , seat worthier of gods ... " bel endroit pour lire milton ! 
!LINK! 
the word " friend " is not used here : he offers to be " thy knight " , and to bear her token " for love of thee " ... #emomedia 
... is bad scholarship , influenced by belief or " xixth century romanticism " . #emomedia 
overenthusiastic stewart lee fan . 
where voting is over by noon . though results are disclosed municipality by municipality over the day ... 
my only encounter with the squire's tale was when i studied the franklin gently shutting him up , but ... 
!LINK! 
to be fair , imax in geneva is pretty lackluster anyway . 
i concur , and i'm totally there for the crowley biopic . 
" ye knowe eek , that in forme of speche is chaunge withinne a thousand yeer , and wordes tho that hadden prys , now wonder nyce and straunge ... 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
who said that ? ! 
true . 
since in french this means his grandfather was also named elvis gaunt , i always pictured him with a pompadour . 
au bocal ? 
i meant , if i am not mistaken , the ^ is on the right of the key , which would normally means " use alt gr " 
bien sûr , , , , , , , aussi ! #ff 
bake-off ? 
oh , fuck no . 
december is not that cruel a month , apparently . not much forgetful snow ... !LINK! 
you're coming to the trial lectures ? 
" lounge et funky " 
30 rock , quoi . 
!LINK! 
it has certainly been done to death , but calling the outcome of sggk " merely a flesh wound " for gawain will never not be funny . 
" i love all films that start with rain : rain , braiding a windowpane or darkening a hung-out dress or streaming down her upturned face " 
they got rid of the alcohol in the recipes in the editions after mine . how can you make a good papet vaudois without wine ? 
you'll never escape your work on differing translations , will you ? 
where they team edward or team edmund , though ? 
i mean , it will be clearly understood as " not monogamous " , but people may assume it means " polygamous " . 
two night stand est pas mal il paraît . 
" ' and what would humans be without love ? ' rare , said death . " 
djfkajskjdakjdhkjasjbd 
today and tomorrow , workshop on " interdisciplinary perspectives on the north of england in the later middle ages " at ! 
merci ! 
to be fair , if the page name is specific enough , it's quick enough to google it , even without a . doc or . pdf . 
ah , home . !LINK! 
? 
by the prickling of my thumbs ... on pourra enfin oublier l'horrible polanski ! 
unlikely , unless you're a time traveller ! i am coming to york for an exchange in the fall semester , though . 
wintersmith , huh . 
is there some magical wardrobe between york and lausanne that would allow me to be at unil on tuesdays ? 
and probably a bit more scrawny , too ! 
i spent an evening at society scrolling through comments on facebook on the whole affair . it was horrifically fascinating . 
\ o 
corpus linguistics w / . she recalls the history of the field , from de morgan's analysis of the epistles of paul . #emomedia 
relationship goals : !LINK! 
hah , bien sûr :D 
yup : !LINK! 
this essay started out so well : 
of course ! but you may come across it . or listen to brassens or lapointe ! 
" but that is not for them to decide . all we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us . " 
inception : 
the wachowskis hottest movie : !LINK! 
a bunch of students on a plane . and we have not left the gate yet . 
i wasted mine on interstellar , like the fool i am . 
538 4 life 
thanks again for organising this trip , it was really great ! 
( pardon ) 
and that , friends , is why i usually study medieval literature . 
it might be easier to take two tickets , one to vevey and one from vevey to chillon . 
a soul cake a soul cake , please good missus a soul cake 
problem with your premise : not watching parks and rec is not a viable option D: 
celles-ci ? !LINK! 
if it's the same one as their website , i think chocolat au lait just means the taste , yes . 
comme d'habitude , kudos to the toast ! how to tell if you are in a virginia woolf novel : !LINK! 
" i am honored to be invited to write this introduction to the work of a soul i have regarded in many ways - " !LINK! 
the definitive ranking of all six lord of the rings and hobbit films : !LINK! pour le coup , assez d'accord avec ... 
( tu aurais pu continuer avec " whether ' tis nobler in the mind to suffer / the slings and arrows of outrageous uplay " ... ) 
post tenebras 
lost in translation 2 : geneva boogaloo 
huh ? poland just elected a conservative president ! 
does he scream stuff like " down with the roundheads " , or is he modern enough to blame the whigs ? 


( by the way , you can say hi to the very nice who is sitting next to you , if you want . ) 
i have to get books on gawain ! i have to send a proposal for my essay soonish . 
the gawain poet ( allegory ): 
endive is more of a chicory , i think . but yeah , it really depends in switzerland too . 
haaah , yes , i can imagine that very well . or remember , in a way . 
!LINK! 
moi moi moi - 
that last half-hour was so frustrating . 
saint nicolas > mandarines voyons . 
here : !LINK! 
wow 
you get me . 
after a coffee break , it is time for interactive guided analyses ! charlotte steenbrugge opens with the northampton abraham . #emomedia 
ici !LINK! 
washing . chicken ? 
i managed to write 500 words between 3 and 4 am the other night , that felt so good . 
interesting : english charlemagne romances seem to depict noble saracens and their religion more positvely than the french ones . #emomedia 
" in sooth , i know not why i am so sad : ( ... ) and such a want-wit sadness makes of me , that i have much ado to know myself . " 
ah , ssp ... 
portland , fr . 
what do you mean , a robot , lancelot is not in sggk , is he ? 
i am almost crying : !LINK! 
i generally use my essay plans to vent out all the topic-related jokes that i can think of . 
putain ces flashbacks . 
dicenso reminds us of reasons why scholarship on gregorian chant has been fraught . for example , belief that " pursuit of emotion " #emomedia 
meh . 
marina de van ? 
" tell me where is fancy bred , in the heart or in the head ? how begot , how nourished ? " !LINK! 
true ! even the same products are expensive . i was just robbed for a box of milk and four moka yoghurts at the cooppronto . 

mais dis donc jamy , c'est quoi un califat ? ( pardon ) 
non , tu as un lien ? 
and , at 3:28 , breakthrough . well ... maybe . 
live from geneva , it's friday morning . !LINK! 
oh , so the order of the letters on the keys is off ! 
i was going to say i love you more than books . 
amy is probably more knowledgeable than i am , but not to my knowledge ! 
no occurences in greek , too . so maybe you saw something from rev . drawn as a sow somewhere ? 
is this the fella over there , with the hella good hair ? 
live from new york it's nobody cares . 
je vois plus du tout a quoi tu fait référence du coup . 
i feel a great disturbance in the force ... !LINK! 
( pardon ) !LINK! 
that seems ... weird . what about fishing communities ? 
? 
damned 
actual shoujo protagonist andy burnham 
oo 
slow west , feat . fassy : c'est beau , mais un peu weird et what's the point . melancholy jaques fait un western , en gros . #nifff2015 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
hm , cairn ought to have a few things : !LINK! . if it's a book you already have a title for , worldcat . 
tu y vas volontairement ? 
and hello to you ! the nice thing about twitter is that it's always time for coffee somewhere ! 
" posts tagged ( insert tag ) " as the page name ? 
hm . 
interestingly , such an opposite-sex relationship is almost unheard of in medieval literature , whether religious or secular . #emomedia 
donc , gone girl , hm ... 
ils ont fait quoi , it's hard to be the bard ? 
jane the virgin <3 
" listen , lady - a gender i write extremely well if the story calls for it . " 
#teamjeudi 
#drama #ragots #htagg 
zut :/ 
wait . chocolate fountains ? 
good god > < 
i don't even have to page , at this point . !LINK! 
le placebo administratif ? 
* quatre-vingts #genferei 
rero or wider ? 
oh , yeah , outside rero is always a pain . 
even though we don't have as much class stratification , i still have more paulines than jessica or kevins in my seminars 
the beard does seem to work , there . 
some light train reading ... !LINK! 
? 
!LINK! 
" and this , , is the true meaning of christmas ! - attribué à nicolas cage . 
slightly longer , but : more time on the boat , and vevey is very pretty too . 
the hunger games : the great panem bake off . 
a sunday at the national galleries ... !LINK! 
talk less and smile more , hm ? #hamilween !LINK! 
some older members of our socialist party in switzerland still call everybody comrade . talk about revolutionary spirit . 
ever since i was a kid , my favorite kind of yogurt has been moka yogurt , for example . 
cf . mon tweet suivant :P 
hey ! merci ! 
thanks a bunch ! i think that was the best birthday present i ever gave myself :D 
are you shitting me ? 
!LINK! 
of course : 3 
like , evolution looked at the first dinosaurs and said " it needs more feathers ! " . 
visiting the whole county of savoy in one day ! that'd be quite a trip . 
yes , tomorrow ! at least one of the three , certainly : i'll be around uni bastions from 12:30 . 
sondage en ligne 20 minutes , hm ... 
hey , that's tamsin egerton ! i think she played guinevere in starz's camelot ... 
try doing it in old english alliterative verse , elegies work well in that one . 
!LINK! 
phil ? 
15th of october ! 
( i'd so watch that though ) 
yucky , j'imagine . 
my inner librarian is a bit disappointed at the patchiness of it all ... 
it's two o'clock , and i've just managed to remap ðð , þþ , ææ et ȝȝ on my keyboard . work is now a lot simpler . 
non ? !LINK! 
mallory ortberg et the toast forever . 
( hah j'avais pas vu la photo , carry on then ^ ^ ) 
i leave for york on the 20th , and i'm working on the 12th , yep . 
" pdc : not even once " 
" an oral history of " : i'm an entertainment journalist and i want to publish an interview , but like , in a fancy way . 
\ o / 
1992 all over again ? 
petit doigt . 
you beat me to the punch on that one , it's so great ! 
i can't believe i missed the occasion to make it about ethics in linguistic consequences of the viking conquest . 
you'll see :D 
leftover from the days where most papers were only read on ... paper . 
" to rivendell , where elves yet dwell in glades beneath the misty fell through moor and waste we ride in haste " !LINK! 
jalousie . 
day passes for the 10th are booked ! 
you're the best ! 
!LINK! 
don paterson - rain : !LINK! 
i'm just going to keep faving these . 
now , don't trust the cff . i think the best compromise between train and boat ( and not having to wait on the pier ) is : 
" julian checked into the dominique strauss-kahn suite at the sofitel . " oh , combien l'esprit 30 rock m'avait manqué . 
the gawain poet is a tricky dick . 
i asked one question about oe saints ' lives when she mentioned ælfric , and was deemed the oe specialist , to my dismay ! 
come on , that's richard nixon ! 
gar nicht , aber ich habe schwyzertüütsche cousins ! 
i am not big on star trek , i've mostly watched these tos movies , but they are rather fun . 
i mean look at that bird : !LINK! . 
nej : !LINK! . 
tiffany aching ! apart from the collection , i only have hers and the last four ones , in a mix of hcs and pbs . 
yeah , we're more american , in this way . the suspense makes for a nice sunday afternoon . 
yeah , that one is not bad . 
!LINK! 
it depends on when you guys want to leave from geneva / arrive at chillon , and if you want to spend more time on the boat . 
olrik , orlik , same difference ! 
i'm so hot ! ( hot damn ) 
anytime ! 
the lords of misrule rehearse for the last time before their premiere ... !LINK! 
kephas , mithra , same difference ! 
apollonius of tyre or top gun ? !LINK! 
shit just got real . 
imagine him painstakingly trying to find a good anagram for his name . whole notebooks full of tries . 
oh , the castle museum is / so / cute , bless its heart . 
[ warning : swiss politics ahead ] #chvote 
it's bad luck that all three were rejected , though ! 
i'm eating dust , life sucks . 
👍 
hm , effectivement . 
well , you , what do you think ! of course i love books more than andy orchard ! 
oooh , that's brilliant ! 
yeah , should know exactly but i think that's the italian word for it . 
yeah , because y is pronounced / ʏ / in german , so they shift it to ie to preserve the sound . 
i am lucky enough to not have those yet , looking forward to it ! 
#levalais 
:D 
!LINK! 
" one day , we shall come back . yes , we shall come back . until then ... " 
mon pseudo c'est antoniusmajor , mon flair badhistory anarcho-bodinist . 
or less frequently , to sound less daft . 
fair enough . ( mais j'etais deguisé en hamilton pourtant ) 
yeah , it was his big break in the 90s ! i'm always a bit sad to see what kind of films he makes now :/ 
here we go ! first up , daniel j . dicenso on approaching emotional expression in gregorian chant . #emomedia 
des suisses ? 
the one from the article you posted ? 
bravo ! 
bien vu : 3 
i must have been in primary school last time i went to chillon , so i'm overdue for a visit ! 
the talk was quite interesting , she talked a lot about the use of saints ' lives as meeting point after the conquest . 
geschwistern . 
evil rpzt 
i am looking forward to the prospect of chips and gravy . i am adaptating quite well to the north . 
that too . i wonder if peter would suit me . 
burgundy andy 
all that is gold does not glitter : !LINK! 
that sounds suspiciously inspired by pete's strategy in 30 rock . 
yes you will ! i'm looking forward to your presentation :D 
though it was indeed very thoughtful of you . 
i won't be there tomorrow , but you can follow , , and #emomedia for more ! 
or we could do some atrocious voiceover in english . 
!LINK! 
yes ! i wonder if that is why there is little perception of it as a gendered insult ... 
we are the only country where political parties refer to themselves as bourgeois unironically , that's rather funny i think . 
as long as it was not red wine . 
i heard " declared " elected ? radio canada only gives the percentages . 
a nice meal , a walk to the beach , and a wonderful performance of medieval music by shauna and rachael beesley and minna harlan ... #emomedia 
what is least surprising : tolkien using a word he probably got from morris or him being quoted for it in the oed ? 
sjw : social justice wall 
bravo ! 
well , i mean it's a stretch , but don't we know that chrétien * wrote * a tristan ? 
c'est le new world of fantasy de 15h 
!LINK! 
highly unlikely nominee for now , though . 
shakespeare trip , day six , yet twelfth night . oxford is a rather nice place , isn't it ? @ keble … !LINK! 
yup . 
sarkozy is unlikely to be the republican candidate though ... 
!LINK! 
and the only way of saving it is having humpback whales , so they have to go back in time to 80s san francisco to find some . 
i mean , a working-class eleanor would be in a situation not unlike yours , i suppose . it's like these studies that claim ... 
look who's finally here , . 
" perceval fails in his quest by not asking the fisher king what the hell's going on , making this story the first ever sierra adventure game " 
always the best . 
that's something i would have gladly watched as a kid , for sure :D 
granted , it includes essay-writing advice too . the one i had in undergrad was 15 pages , i think . 
<3 
to show us the convenience of this use of computer to complement a qualitative approach , she's using the general prologue . #emomedia 
" i wish it need not have happened in my time , " said frodo . " so do i , " said gandalf , " and so do all who live to see such times . " 
success ? 
indeed : !LINK! 
" listening to mozart as a kid makes your more likely to go to uni " , ignoring the fact that people who make their kids ... 
this translation is pratchett-french-translator good . i'm always amazed :D 
it fits right in the middle of my interests in medieval remediations ! 
" to the sea , to the sea ! the white gulls are crying ... " !LINK! 
i'd say that makes for a productive flight then . 
oh , you <3 
the university library in neuchâtel ! ordered it last night , it was at my library this afternoon . 
i know . i am currently in the tormented last hours of my essay-writing . 
high five . 
didn't they announce it already ? i think it was the first trailer ? 
solution : get drunk and go home with chips and gravy . 
i know i should beware of jealousy , but come on . comment étaient les cheveux ? 
next up , , speaking about the unsteady ground of friendship in the stanzaic morte arthur ! #emomedia 
that sounds quite interesting ! 
i'm choking 
and this , which makes me angrier than it should . 
peak tolkien : " characteristically painstaking " . 
his party : 
geneva people : othello live from the rsc on the 26th : !LINK! si vous comprenez bien l'anglais , allez-y , vraiment . 
le 4 mai ? 
they might both live here , though ! 
favourite shakespeare sentence : " ' so so ' is good , very good , very excellent good ; and yet it is not ; it is but so so . " 
we should get t-shirts . 
1 ) indigence 2 ) forçance . j'ai bon , chef ? 
. gd ? sinon , kat.ph . 
" ye knowe eek , that in forme of speche is chaunge withinne a thousand yeer ... " , again and forever ... !LINK! 
daesh's daesh but they call it ... 
shakespeare trip , days four and five . rowing is not an easy task . @ stratford-upon-avon !LINK! 
everything is right with the world . 
they try to " negotiate the terms of the relationship " ( unsuccessfully , apparently , as she dies of love-sickness ) . #emomedia 
ici : !LINK! 
way too late . chips and gravy or death . 
hahaha , i was in my room and i was not any luckier , unfortunately ... 
dammit , arrow . 
google ( almost ) knows what's up : 
#signalling 
anything for you bb 
friars in middle english literature : !LINK! . 
i think it's just the taste , in the drink the chocolate is added powdered in the process . 
i just checked , in newfoundland most seem to be around 65 ' 000 . 
the migros at the station should be open ! 
now that i have refilled my shelves , i should follow your example with the desk ... 
even the normans agreed , it seems ! 
oh , for non ? yeah , non - ( or even without hyphen ) works in general in the same way . 
word online , sinon ? !LINK! 
kinda has that sansa end-of-last-season dress , though . 
the toast > * 
#minibus 
" medievists are never late , nor are they early , they arrive precisely when they mean to . " 
" all that is gold does not glitter ; all that is long does not last ; all that is old does not wither ; not all that is over is past . " 
urgh . 
that the anglo-norman text society published another one quite recently . 
i protest . there is not nearly enough perceval . 
marrant , tiens . 
and now , for a last short presentation , tamara haddad on emotion and late medieval drama . #emomedia 
hrunting > > > durendal , de toute façon . 
( i absolutely loved your reaction to the corbyn supporter mention of the welfare bill . ) 
( hell , that's the case with my name , too . ) 
j'ai regardé que la serie uk . 
i am very disappointed that you have missed my splendid ( very lame ) joke . 
let's hope it clears out quickly ! 
i am in awe , that is serious commitment to the craft . 
balance ! 
i'm actually doing copy editing for the local newspaper , so it's closer , but it's in french ... 
well ... 
he was great in enlisted last season , too ! 
hwær cwom hær ? 
social anxiety level : chit chat with vague acquaintance out of the usual context at the station . 
( the voyage home ) i swear i am not making this up . 
#tamamanexorciste 
i expect many glorious andy orchard puns ! 
oo 
" there was a star danced , and under that [ were you ] born . " !LINK! 
a great write-up ! i must say i hadn't yet see the picture of my performance as half-hrothgar :D 
well , york is welcoming , but i was not expecting to do archeology , too ! 
