i am a cat bed . !LINK! 
i do a rolling laptop case plus small " over the handle " bag . saves my shoulders and i can go for 3 biz days in this . 
if he grew a vagina , his iq just jumped 60 points . 
moon pie is losing her ever lovin ' mind today . 
birthday brownies are all gone now . 
they need a light controller that turns on when you yell " aziz ! light ! " 
the guy next to me smells like lysol . 
choices : i'm recycling all the " get well soon ! " ( & condolences cards ) but i'm keeping the " congratulations ! " wedding cards #ouch 
you are so adorable . 
helpy kittens are helpy . #stillnotunpacked #fb 
tea and toast sunday : the aftermath . #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
chemo sucks but i'm so relieved that he is strong enough to take it and they are doing it for him ! ! #fuckcancer 
that will teach you to go to dinner parties ! 
watching do his thang from point richmond 
may 29 !LINK! 
i'm going out tonight , but i don't know where any of my makeup is still ... so i guess i won't worry about that . :) 
i had to teach my smartphone dictionary " goatse " this morning . ( : do not google goatse . ) 
i should get this for for xmoose . !LINK! 
that would require cable . 
moved the cat tower and they seem to like it . i got a bunch of toys and am hoping that lots of play will help with ottovs's issues . 
i have 3 body pillows . pondering stacking them all on the bed and lying on top for one crazy nap . 
in other news , moon pie is insane over turkey sammich meat . #duh 
:( 
moving the love seat and ottoman to face a different direction in the living room , rearranging under bed storage , pondering new couch cover . 
travel patience has evaporated . just told two people to stop whining . 
i'm starting to get polgara syndrome myself ;) 
i love the tilt shift in the sherlock cinematography . 
. : made my father-in-law a french press coffee at my usual strength , now he's upstairs explaining netflix to mary todd lincoln #fb 
oh yay . cat barf . #saidnooneever #fb 
there's always someone who bitches about the temperature during a speaker's q & a . it's their mom . 
brisket commencing 3-2- 1 - go ! 
12/31 / 12 !LINK! 
smartest thing i did last week ( aside from sleep in 18 hrs a day ) was getting enough chinese food for lots of leftovers . 
i love walking there ! 
even janky tarzhay has wi-fi . who knew ? 
i need something covered in garlicky cheese . 
well , that was sweet . the kittens ' helped ' me open the new bag of cat food in the living room . i hope they enjoy the carpet fibers . 
i miss ear cat . #fb 
ahhh coffee . the world is made of fluffy bunnies , unicorns and butterflies again . 
pop . about 1936 - ish . #hipstamatic #tinto1848 #ctypeplate 
yes . because leggings are comfy and warm and so are socks . #itsallaboutyou 
i saw the rain dirty valley . you saw brigadoon . 
oh hai 2am . 
probably drinking corona and packing for a trip isn't the best idea . luckily i don't care . 
no , i'm furious . am fed and stil incredibly disgusted with 
don't tell i'm drinking crappy mexican beer . 
... except that #leo is the best . 
i am not jess . #newgirl ( i refuse to admit i'm jess . ) 
opened an ebay package and couldn't remember ordering it . was about to find a 12 step program when i realized it was my neighbor's . phew . 
i'm just not going to engage today . visitors are welcome as long as you aren't high maintenance or need me to take care of you today . #psa 
this isn't normal in america . arizona is kind of ... different . 
feel better , you have our collective good thoughts headed toward you . ( you still should nap though ;) ) 
bastard damn candy game . 
ow . am a dumbass . 
does this mean they have to re-tool the pope on a rope soap making machine again ? 
... she's not as creepy as the blink mannequins . 
dear humans , patchouli is not a substitute for bathing . 
i think there is crack woven into this yarn ... i can't explain why i'm such a ditz every time i pick up this hat otherwise . 
didn't necessarily clean , but did rearrange a little and declutterered some . living room is still hellish though . 
the word " rekindle " bugs me . 
noes the time to look for clearance coats ! 
i did . bought a long handled soft brush at target and hosed off the car . it was while i was parked for travel though . 
ooooh ! 
these are totally my new boyfriend . !LINK! 
love it . wifi doesn't filter my game like does . 
didn't know there were red dementors ... 
bah humbug . i broke my ceramic egg crate thingy . 
probably best i am not there . i'm currently sporting orange opi sand on my piggies . 
yay ! another ultraviolet dyneema fiend ! 
cleaning the kitchen to techno tango . ( yes , i finally got out of bed . ) 
i know it drives people crazy when i cut layers into my own hair , but y'all will just have to cope . 
good lord , don't dare the universe . it has a totally perverted sense of humor . 
special good ? because you are ... 
my husband is reading me the internet . 
it seems to be a bad week for dishwashers . mine committed ritual suicide ... 
dyeing my uggs black . this could go very badly and i don't particularly give a shit . 
why does this whole #ferguson situation feel like it was a boundaries test of us ? 
nobody puts baby in a corner . 
how to get the house clean : run out of lives on candy crush saga and have freelance work due . 
no thanks . 
just remember they don't know . they told me tex was going to die the week i took him home ... he kept going way past expectations . 
i think i scratched my glasses . feh . 
oh the goodwill pile is getting brutal . #fb 
be careful out there ... we've got a wine shortage ;) 
i tell myself not to google things . that which has been seen cannot be unseen . but then again forewarned is forearmed . 
your vs you're #pedant #sorrynotsorry 
daypack . ( and peanut m & m's ) 
2013 !LINK! 
isn't it ? that's the way i've always spelled it ! 
yeah i know . it isn't about logic and i'm getting toward physical collapse ( as are my parents ) . 
i dreamed this apartment had 3 kitchens and the previous tenants left me a chocolate cake and kittens . also that my bike had a flat tire . 
i'm just saying ... fight hard . don't be apologetic . patients with strong advocates do better there . 
irking myself !LINK! 
my firefly charm box is perfect for my dice ... 
hmmm am a little cranky today it seems . 
things you can't do at an office job #347 : sing liz phair songs at the top of your lungs . 
tangerine love ! ! ! squee ! ! 
still miss tex so hard , and still love b so hard . so many large feelings in one small person is sometimes a bit much to bear . 
a bunch of recipes picked apart . 
doing stuff is very tiring . #fluvictim2015 #fb 
making the good cocoa tonight ; with cayenne , cocoa powder , sugar and mini marshmallows . 
i wonder if i could fit a weekend's worth in this ... “ night flight travel duffle !LINK! #fredletstravels ” 
i think today might call for a new bag . 
yeah . i'd be the ruder person and say " excuse me " then put their wristlets in their lap and sit down . i'm done with their shit . 
i am so very , very glad ! 
my house smells like bacon . #baconislove 
i think spaghetti sauce tonight . unfortunately have no mushrooms , oh well . 
how to cure yourself of a candy crush saga addiction : get to the chocolate level . 
heads up : just opened a diet sunkist . #caffeinated 
woke up irritated . feh . 
children do that to you ... 
yeah , i know . and yet , i do it anyway . 
and not that i begrudge the person with the peanut allergy , but has also screwed me out of food and a decent seat . #furious 
... cheese weinies and diet sunkist in front of big bang theory it is . #jealousofmenow ? #unemployedwastrel 
dearest beautiful coffee , i love you so very much . 
he probably always got away with everything because he's cute . 
i want one , too ! or those kitten sized tents from the camping stores ... 
well , we think he's a dick . " nh legislator called women ' vaginas ' " - !LINK! 
i just got surprised by it . am ok . 
i seem to be content currently . ( though i should probably do something about the income thing eventually , huh ? ) 
blessed yule , y'all ! !LINK! 
april 24 !LINK! 
white rose tieks . #tieks !LINK! #fb 
yes . and fuck them all , as well . 
. y'all are completely awesome . thanks for your help ! 
may 3 !LINK! 
the mistake would be taking medical advice from morons . 
may 30 !LINK! 
psychic milk carton sez 9:02 tomorrow . #hipstamatic #gsquad #pistil 
i always get a little frustrated with project manager job listings that require that i have a drivers license . sigh . #jobhunting #techpm #fb 
it could be that her wit and verve ( that we already see ) is to break men's hearts by loving only teh girlses . ( i approve ! ) 
told myself sternly " clean your room , missy ! " and will pretty much donate anything that doesn't fit . ( living room will be tougher ... ) 
all your measuring spoons are belong to me ! ( and bradd . ) #fb 
such pretty flora ... #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
on an iphone near the apple mothership ; so little signal as to render phone useless . 
my magic weekend coffee is out of stock . monday , how you vex me . 
they are ! and they fit my stumpy little legs as well :-) 
january 5 !LINK! 
. rob , if you are built like a man , why aren't you a tennis star ? #logicfail 
tv remote batteries are dead . we're all doomed . 
leprosy ! 
i should stop referring to the dishwasher as the " silverware drawer " huh ? 
wtfwtfwtfff ? 
i need a little fox teapot . 
math is hard . 
haven't they just figured out they should just take anthony weiner's smartphone away from him ? also ... heh ... weiner . 
dear intarwebs , defiantly is not the same thing as definitely . please keep an eye or errant autocorrect and remedy when necessary . kthxbai 
feeling mighty crafty today . #fb 
good idea : admin / multimedia / email / doodle tasks on monday . ;) 
dear kittens , please empty the dishwasher … . very carefully . love , mama . 
maybe i need a sous chef . 
i can see the floor . 
i think i'm just pooped and not willing to put up with the usual noise . 
a / c has already kicked in today . not a good sign . 
note to self : this isn't a to do list ... !LINK! 
march 26 !LINK! 
gave my red wigglers apple slices , lettuce leaves and banana skins . #compostbaby 
yeah , at most they are granting an easement .. 
taking my vitamins with flat coke zero . #healthy #sodoff 
drinking coffee on the couch , chatting on the nexus 7 , playing fetch with moon pie . #good 
guest lap cat : boo . 
portmeiron plates ! 
oops . napped on my glasses . world's going to be more sideways than usual . 
525,600 !LINK! 
hey i need this in adult sizes ! 
license plate frame seen : what would voldemort do ? 
cat bed ! 
april 7 !LINK! 
( or do you need a gown type device ? ) 
happy birthday ! 
i just reserved my name on mammoth . go to !LINK! and reserve yours ! !LINK! 
shiftless bums of the world unite ! ( after our naps , of course ... ) 
" you made a woman meow ? " 
1/2 watching someone else's husband go through cancer bullshit gives me all the feels ; while i hate that tex didn't even have a chance to ... 
i want coffee but i probably shouldn't , huh ? 
awww . eugene clark died . !LINK! 
what kind of world do we live in where mine is the only tweet using the #sparklyunicornpoop hash tag ? oh , the huge manatees ! 
iphone app . i'll show you :) 
living large , my friend . 
the good news is that i lost 3 pounds . the bad news is that ottov 2 weighs 12.6 pounds . 
their lawyers are clearly deficient in the understanding teh intarwebz department . 
the only thing that is in my head is how to say it in french . i'm definitely not fleur . #fb 
do not let my fickle flesh go to waste as it keeps my heart and soul in its place and i will love with urgency but not with haste . 
puppycat cares not about my nap time . #fetch 
be careful what you wish for . 
i've had more margaritas than i ever had lately . my cleavage doesn't quite know what to do with all this fallen rimming salt ... 
mini honeymoon : practical outfit ( though still kinda cute ) # 2 !LINK! 
found the broom . it was behind the refrigerator . 
tickets . money . passport . 
not certain i get the concept of closure . just rip off the band aid then let me calm down in my own time , i suppose . 
unfortunately you're probably still going to be blamed for it anyway . start screaming about process and chain of approval now . 
i'm going to make paleo muffins this weekend . #itsoundsdirtybutitaint 
running out of lost girl episodes . might have to watch the tudors so that i don't go into withdrawals from kris holden-ried's rumbly voice . 
may 7 !LINK! 
may 6 !LINK! 
qotd : mommy are we at yosemite ? #fredletstravels #fb 
i find it repugnant that i have to feel emotions before i've had my coffee . 
fanty is prettier . 
love you two . 
. so tired of carrying 7 loads up from my car because you can't do a regular check to make sure carts are in each building 
oh no , i'm so sorry ... 
like you do ... 
yes . rain . please . 
uniform !LINK! 
bunneh !LINK! 
sat morning : coffee in tervis mug , amanda palmer playing ukulele and texting someone on a plane in abq . not bad for 9:30 am . 
i drank 2 diet cokes at dinner . #justnowsleepy #dumbass #whateverdude #unemployedwastrel 
which is why when people rant on and on about " blood connections " i want to vomit . it matters not . 
in fact i will cancel my flight on and fly any other airline never to deal with san diego's excuse for an airport ever again . 
thank you tribe ! 
cute little banana bread muffins . #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
man , when i deal with tex related stuff i just bring out the big guns immediately . take no prisoners , salt the earth and whatnot . tired . 
huh . this day feels like i'm watching it from outside in . 
really your " manager's special " costs me for an upgrade i didn't request ? i'm not happy . 
you can get a surprising amount of stuff into this little bag . !LINK! 
i've reduced my book collection pretty significantly from my bookstop days . this is ~ 1/2 of my paper books . #fb 
vacuum is full . time to buy a new one . !LINK! 
mama ( ) is using ' s iphone 4s now . i know he is pleased by that fact . 
january 10 !LINK! 
apparently delivery . i scheduled all of this for today and no one mentioned separate days for each . 
march 28 !LINK! 
access all your files , photos , and music when you need it with !LINK! #fredletstravels 
panama - wednesday !LINK! 
eating ( and enjoying ) leftover brussels sprouts . who am i ? 
past the daily grief ( thanks goodness ) but every once in a while i get smacked upside the head with the reminder that i lost . 
wednesday !LINK! 
is that fred water ? i approve . 
ok . now we're talking . 
darth fredlet : project manager !LINK! 
i love my tieks . love . love . love . 
if it was a bull shark , i'd think it was true though ... 
bittersweet film pack . missing tex a lot ... 
i couldn't get a bottle of water , they won't give me enough water , pretzels are bad , my socks are gross now & i'm still angry 
i still don't have toll house cookies in my hands . 
it would be bad to snarf shiner bock wouldn't it ? 
anyone in the bay area want to get rid of a wood kitchen / dining chair ? please let me know . 
its taken all my life to hear the sacred sound of sweet simplicity . 
my local coffee joint was so far off its a game today . poop . 
oh may , why you suck so much these last few years ? knock it off or i shall boycott your sorry arse ... 
breathe . sleep . eat . hug baby . create . smile . it calms by degrees . 
... maybe young frankenstein as the double feature . 
ok , i'll see what i can find :-) 
easy with the knife there , robespierre . #newgirl 
the congressman who restricted gun violence research has regrets !LINK! # via huffpostpol 
cat bed !LINK! 
dear house , clean yourself up willya ? sheesh . 
green shirt . orange canvas sneaks ... i'm a carrot . 
oh dyson . yes . 
dear travel writers / editors : can we retire the stock photos of the girl kneeling on an overfull suitcase ? it's so out of date and trite ... 
sloth , baby . !LINK! 
moon pie would not do well , ottov 2 might though ... 
new use for g2 bottles before recycling : poke small hole in the bottom , fill up with water , put lid back on , sit on soil for drip watering . 
latest ankles update : can't straighten the right one , left one handles minimal weight . 
it might be pizza time . 
critical : i am out of cream for my coffee ! ! ! ( so , like , i should totally , like , go the 2 miles to trader joe's and get some , huh ? ) 
moon pie loves her sister baby . 
may 8 !LINK! 
i have a diet sunkist issue i'm reevaluating myself ... 
yeah , they turned her into annette benning . ( she's still beautiful , but they didn't need to change her in the first place . ) 
( also am messy eater . sigh ) #youcanttakemeanywhere 
ottov 2 and her hammy little legs !LINK! 
also san diego's airport has no signage . they couldn't label their way out of a wet paper bag . you are embarrassing yourselves . 
couch and ottoman moved . you can't actually * sit * on them yet , but hey , quit complaining . 
the gop really sounds like me with raging pms . they should cut out carbs , exercise & apply judicious chocolate twice a month . 
there will be shiraz and popcorn for dinner tonight . #themoreyouknow 
reason 4,277 why it is taking me a month to unpack #fb !LINK! 
people , if it is too early for pumpkins it is also too early for turkeys . 
oh perspective , what a curious beastie you are ... 
i'm digging that we are in the same time zone right now . :-) 
travel patience thoroughly gone now . #fredletstravels 
skate y'all . #hipstamatic #helgaviking #robusta 
blue skies for everyone !LINK! 
mmm ... cabrito . 
i get men's pj's and wear with a cute t 
huh . i guess no ever again since they close early . #imissaustins24hoursociety 
rearranging the sitting room and mopping under the couch at 9:45 at night ... like you do ... 
clever use of slide-y sturdy thing used to prop up bed . am modestly clever monkey . 
i'm so happy and relieved you have good news ! ! ! 
only if you drink your own pee after ;) 
sorry san diego . i will never spend money or visit you again . your airport is tremendously stupid . i will never fly there . 
got some pictures of the yosemite smoke from the air ; will post when i get on to wifi at home . looks icky . 
i think , unless i get distracted by shiny things , that chicken corn chowder will be made today . #foodporn 
in . my . head . !LINK! #timshel 
i may regret that peanut butter sammich . 
i'd like a saturday with no plans , a clean & organized house and temperatures in the 40 ' s please . already have yarn ... #fb 
freesia and daffodils on my back porch . 
how you know it is too hot : moon pie has melted . #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
applied ;) 
apparently bras are now purses . everyone just sticks their cell phone in their bras ... though i refuse to put my android tablet in mine . 
hello #makerfaire darlings . i'm back . 
ok composty worms , you are going outside today . brace yourselves . 
full moon today . 
crawling back under the bed now . 
january 16 !LINK! 
it's called northern california 
dear world , i * know * y'all's mamas raised you better than this . behave yourself . you are acting like monsters . #fb 
i am a very messy cook . 
ha . found my glasses finally ! 
dear intarweb , can anyone help me find the link to the one time death benefit form on the social security site ? they say it is there ... 
im ok . reaction took me by surprise actually . 
oh : oh shit . i * do * have clothes on ! 
another early morning stomach ache . must be tomatoes again . sigh . much stress lately . tired of pain . 
let's talk in gb :-) 
also , now i have to burn an entire new day to wait for installation as well as have a 4 foot box taking up my living room . 
gah . i bought dark chocolate hazelnut bar instead of milk chocolate hazelnut . fred fail . ( eating it anyway . ) 
meow . 
today's mood : men's jammies , strong coffee , the the - dusk . 
quickly ! @ quickly 快可立 !LINK! 
is finally raining here . #fredletstravels #fb 
friday ! which means orange stripey , sparkly shirt , jeans and tangerine ! 
happy birthday ! i know so many 2/2 babies ! 
even oakland only closes half the street down at any given time for 4 hours . closed high density neighborhood of apts from 8-5 . 
this amuses me : my little war pony . !LINK! 
oh those boys . tex said the same thing . 
march 29 !LINK! 
also found the perfect spot for my alien photos from my trip to the mother ship . #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
achy . slightly cranky . ( not sick though , none of the markers are there for that . ) 
my clever cat trap worked again ! 
the molly brown ? 
now i'm going to see if i can cast on for a hat . of late i have had the dumb and couldn't brain . 
feel better ! you can catch up later , focus on your health ! we're fine with waiting for you to be well ! 
<3 
except when a leo loves you :-) 
working through ' s accounts . hating . 
you rock eden . 
the kittens are are very excited that i am getting rid of shoeboxes . but their butts are making it hard for me to finish doing so ... 
windows down . mingus at full blast . good . 
breakfast burrito . nom . 
ok if i can't have chocolate someone deliver me dermot mulroney . 
chicken pot pie in oven . cherry cobbler in progress . apple pie to be done ( hate making pie crusts but refuse the pre-made kind . ) #nicemarmot 
( this breakfast also brought to you by the letter s and a cat who is confused at the lack of turkey slices on my sammich . ) 
oooh ! yea ! 
" i gave her my heart , she gave me a pen . " 
so far so good ... and the shiraz still hasn't needed to be opened :-) 
i only have 3.5 months of allowed unemployed wastrel-ness . mustn't waste ... 
when is easier to drive to 4 stores from sj to sf than wait 3 extra days for guy to get signature is time to give up on prime 
big sky drive-in , midland tx . 
yeah the app is still useless . 
april 6 !LINK! 
every time i've ever feared being run off the road it was by a safeway truck . today was no different . grrr . 
savoring . 
2 . 
not enough oranges ... #scurvyisforquitters #tryharder 
48 sq ft kitchen ? i do cook in one everyday . 
dear planet , i can't quite handle nonsense today . can you keep it to a dull roar for a short while ? thanks ever so , fredlet #fb 
i probably shouldn't be allowed to operate heavy machinery today ... 
" unlike cancer , leo doesn ’ t believe in “ playing it safe . with venus in leo the motto should be “ go big or go home . ” " !LINK! ” 
oh good grief . at least they didn't just come right out say " whore / receptacle " . this is 2014 , right ? 
when's next knitting night ? next wed ? 
anyone know of where i can report a bug on android tablet os for shazam ? landscape rotation wont let you listen , portrait works as expected . 
coffee . fetch with moon pie . will close the window and kick in the air filter again tonight . let's see how we get through today . 
oh i'm picking out a thermos for you ! 
isn't " underpants " just the funniest word ever ? #im12 
was going to cook but too tired from bureaucracy . tomorrow maybe . 
note to self : leftovers don't go in the hall closet . fridge please . 
tex 1962-2012 !LINK! 
hi fred-bat ! 
next time i roadtrip i'll use a piece of vintage luggage ; like boone chu , but i won't be a jerk . !LINK! #patternrecognition 
yeah , i'm just the person saying what no one wants to say . get used to it . 
want . rt : the torch 250 . light and power in one . !LINK! !LINK! #fb 
march 2 !LINK! 
disappointing lasagna . 
eleven ! 
i officially have lost all cred as a designer : i chose an ipad cover w / cute little flowers over one that looked like a pantone chip . sigh . 
i want a steak . 
the bar . it needs twinkle lights . #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
commenced sweet potato roasting . 
my #marimo is ready for fall . 
sooo sleepy . can't sleep . #ridiculous #fb 
the view of the slough !LINK! 
feeling better ? 
minimalist travel wishlist #fredletstravels !LINK! 
nice ... also crossing my fingers for a honey meade ( but i'll understand if y'all didn't already have that going ) . 
travel souvenir necklace ( and travel wishlist bracelet ) !LINK! 
i ordered $ 12 of stuff from . they required ups to get a signature . give me a damn break . #stupid #wasteofmydamntime 
almost to the time of year where everything i wear must coordinate with my orange down jacket . #imacarrot 
if you have a chance to fight your cancer ; do so . do it for everyone who wasn't given a chance to fight and everyone who loves you . 
the kittens do not like the air conditioner ... though they dig the effects . 
i think i can only deal with one agency a day . otherwise i am a sobbing heap before noon . #hesgone 
also , after the glittering last week for maker faire , 2 of my bowls are still bedazzled . i probably shouldn't lick it , huh ? 
may 2 !LINK! 
... another big-ass turkey sighting 
big monster hug . 
apparently i am not destined to nap today . 
i think they just want an excuse to party like its the end of the world ! pffft . like you need an excuse . #leo 
practicing my spanish for my trip coming up ... would be better if my brain didn't default to french . 
ex-pat texan . 
waved halfheartedly at the solstice this morning ( oh hey , solstice , how you doin ' ? ) then went back to sleep . 
can't decide if i'm energetic enough to finish " organizing " my room so i can sleep on my bed . 
heavy duty cleaning to the sugarhill gang . 
aka " kallie provencher is an asshat " 20 things women should stop wearing after age 30 !LINK! #fb 
hey , not having in your stores has adversely impacted my coffee stocking ability at home . what's up with that ? ! ? 
did a few chores this weekend . mostly slept . only a few electronic " checking on fred " done . ( they must believe that i'm coping . ) 
i haz a sad . i think i might be a grown up . ( feel free to refute with recent examples to the contrary . ) 
i have chocolate and yarn ... 
its just a way for the pm to get out and go to the carnival ... ;P ( not that you don't always go above and beyond ) . 
" boyfriend school in your pants " #booksinyourpants 
want ! ! ! 
there's an app for that . 
if you loved me you'd bring me a donut . 
i cooked all afternoon . 2 quiches for nibbling tomorrow . #fb #fredletcooks 
the singing along with paul simon has commenced . you might want to steer clear of here . ( hah . that rhymed ! ) 
" happy , deranged , tomayto , tomahto " - eden 
ugh . they have grackles here . #birdfail #fredletstravels 
my lovely . 
austin for all food . houston hobby has pappadeaux ( get the lobster bisque and a shiner bock ) . 
february 25 !LINK! 
:( 
new favorite thing : lantern moon sheep stitch markers . :) #fb 
just hiccuped and snorted at the same time . am sexxxayyy ... 
i'm ready for it to be cold now . 
i never thought i'd have to tell moon pie to not lick her butt on my wacom tablet . sigh . 
turkey on the back deck !LINK! 
after being laid off ( despite full time work for 12 years ) and denied unemployment last march , i have a hearing about my denied benefits . :| 
dreamed of sharks . big sharks . 
lol . i like that , too ! 
it might be nap o'clock . 
( im sag rising ) an emotional burden begins to dissolve bringing relief . make plans that aren't based on anticipating the next crisis du jour . 
y'all are off the hook for donuts . i let my reptile brain convince me to make brownies . 
hmm , this one might just have my name on it … literally . !LINK! 
meh , you are a good person . i just find individuals get stressed and defensive in public callouts rather than recognizing it . 
moon pie's new bed apparently . #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
warm , melty chocolate ... which is what you will be like when tied up with the brown rope ... 
lamps #hipstamatic #chunky #pistil 
it is for the best . 
i'm going to get a stomach ache from all the weird crap i ate today . 
good the surgeon is afraid of you . they need to remember we're a force of nature if you mess w / our honeys . 
her kitchen is perfect . mason jars , rough hewn shelves . #continentaldivide 
blooming trees . #hipstamatic #tinto1848 #ctypeplate 
why my knees hurt . 
i think now i'm more impressed with bear grylls camera person . 
yep . 
tex !LINK! 
february 15 !LINK! 
you don't gain weight around 40 because of metabolic changes ; its because all your friends ' daughters are now pushing girl scout cookies . 
heresy ! 
i do like bribes ... :-) 
you know the sound the old european train boards used to make when turning over ? that's what my life reorganization sounds like in my head . 
oh i'm so sorry . 
opposite side of the fit logo on the back . nicely balanced ! 
yeah , i just moved so i'm sorting out stuff . scabs are fun ! not . i still want to give you a big hug about your mom ... 
huge pet peeve : losing the protective caps from my cute thumb drives :/ #fb 
february 19 !LINK! 
today's moody music selection : audioslave 
come on royal baby , hang in there til you are a leo ! 
moon pie looks so good on red !LINK! 
thanks to and for the good company yesterday . i might need a nap today . 
stuff left the house today . good . #fb 
i'd probably be up for a gnome-vember if they wanted to do that for teh ladies ... 
january 17 !LINK! 
thank you ... virtually though . getting over a flu sort of thing . 
also , hey monday : you sucked . tuesday you are on notice . 
i never learned how to cook for les than a horde . 
wow . something in the fridge is icky . i think that might be the top of the cleaning list today . 
so good ! so good ! so good ! 
headache . 
my experience with the babies are that they want fruit and sweet veggies . also be careful that the baby food doesn't have onion . 
duh . 
sun and humidity wear me out . am zonked now . shouldn't nap though ... #fredletstravels #fb 
tedious . very tedious . 
2002 ravenswood merlot . gonna use the fancy jelly jar tonight . 
i was a child progeny . 
mine , too . hive mind ? 
watching engineering teams who say pms arent needed implode over preventable team / schedule screw ups is redonk . #ohhoneyblessyourheart 
kittens are kinda being buttheads today . 
cats are obligate carnivores . she needs meat . ( also try merrick turducken to see if that will tempt her , even bunnycat ate that . ) 
is folded . won't put itself away ... 
yeah . i herd of chickens :-) 
winter sky !LINK! 
now what ? how do i read crap now ? 
just not feeling terribly into today . 
bill bryson " a walk in the woods " 
he needs an etsy store ... 
went to ikea with chad , tommy and lee tonight and had a great time . sorry ikea is empty everyone , i'm sure they'll restock it soon . 
ok bay area folks , i'm supposed to be social this week . schedule me up . 
yeah i hear you :-( 
i love you , i cant read this right now . but i love you . 
indicator : today's conversational highlight is talking smack to an uppity squirrel on my deck . 
little too spoiled by blue planet documentary series . now all the others seem amateurish and tacky . 
dreamed my car fell apart on the freeway ( the backend came clean off ) and i didn't remember how . lost all my stuff . no more pizza after 9p . 
attempting to un-brick my nexus 7 . i am not a developer , but i am very stubborn . #fb 
i hate feeling difficult just because what i want is not presented to me and i keep saying " no , it is nice but that's not what i want . " 
here are the 2 teeny marimo 
refilled the bird bowl . sounds of cheep cheep and mmmeeeooowww are emanating from the area of the screen door . 
friday night music selection !LINK! 
shhh . don't tell ... 
camel case , please . dashes explode in html , thanks ever so ... 
i was trying to make a venn diagram of a recent situation but realized i'd need calculus instead to describe it . 
2014 > 2013 > 2012 !LINK! 
its not that i ate too many potato chips today , but my sandwich ratio to potato chip seems all out of whack ... 
it's true . you and i are synced up already , aren't we ? 
july 7 !LINK! 
corporations do not have constitutional rights . 
i'm packing again ... i wonder where i am going ? 
oh good , i'll just take all your ranch dressing ... 
february 3 !LINK! 
oh good . found a way to hang my fairy wings . #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
very large spider is menacing me . stay away from my beer arachnid arsehole ! 
my cats are named " stop eating the plant " and " stop peeing on the rug " . they still don't respond to either ... 
isn't that roller derby ? 
yeah , the less un-normal you feel , the more you realize how batshit the world really is around you . 
dear thursday , please don't make me want to hide in bed like that bastard wednesday . thanks ever so , fredlet 
don't tease me . you know what i do for a living . #grossepointeblank 
naps : good . 
i have a bottle of layer cake here with your name on it . 
casco viejo is fantastic ! #fredletstravels #fb 
well my visa card is all nice and clean now that i ran it through the laundry . 
punta del este !LINK! 
january 25 !LINK! 
i've spoken my piece and counted to three . 
goodness , april already ? 
of late … !LINK! 
july 10 !LINK! 
welcome . do more . :-) 
stymied : went to get a pair of stripey tieks and since last night they are out of stock in my size & my reivisa doesn't work at all anyway . 
ottov 2 inspect the latest arrival from #sideeffect and #laundrystuffsack #catscan . 
oh yeah . i need to eat something . 
i am teh sweateh . a / c is on , but one must not move ... 
i dreamed i was making buttermilk biscuits last night . #gobigorgohome #fb 
nooo ... 
sparing you the emo for now . 
drowning my sorrows in garlic butter . #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
new clean out plan : 1 recycle bin full of stuff out of the house / week and 1 box out of the garage sorted and dealt with each weekend . 
i so need to vacuum . 
nooo ! 
i just deleted about a thousand pictures off my phone . 
sorry #california , #texas shaped things are just cuter . 
yew tree . 
time change is this weekend isn't it ? 
i am in bed . not sleeping at all . 
i'm just going to pretend mikey is still in the hospital for a while . only so much i can cope with and still function for now . #suckitdsm 
i thought i wanted a bigger table , but upon reflection what i want is a cabinet out of my way for more room in the kitchen . #lottoplease 
probably wouldn't do to get a bit squiffy and make decisions , would it ? perhaps a bit of ukulele playing ? are turkeys nocturnal at all ? 
merc rx striking : delayed in vegas , baby . ( or is it a hint from the universe ? ) 
dear trader joe's & customers , i spared you my wild , raving looks this morning even though i didn't have cream for coffee . you're welcome . 
january 7 !LINK! 
this is one of my absolute travel go to pieces . it serves so many purposes . #fredletstravels !LINK! 
more wednesday stuff !LINK! 
dinner tonight : orange things . 
bugger . just realized i * do * have to leave the house today ... no cream for coffee tomorrow . #danger #pants 
august redux !LINK! 
uninstall and use eset nod 32 . is leagues better . 
#1year watched fireworks out the window with tex and mama tonight . 
want . nom . 
i had to do math just now to remember how old i am . yay ? 
march 24 !LINK! 
yes . and yes . 
moon pie #hipstamatic #tinto1848 #dtypeplate 
quinoa made with stock from last week's chicken and leftover roasty veg for dinner . 
so anyway ... !LINK! 
seriously #fuckcancer . 
tuesday is better than monday already . so i'll just call it a win and anything more is just gravy . #fb 
dear us gvt : i'm going to let ottov 2 loose to pee in your carpeted houses if you don't stop dicking around and get your damn jobs done now . 
no i love grover . 
do you know the file name ? !LINK! there are a few options to look for things . 
!LINK! #groundhogday 
regrets ... i haz ' em . !LINK! 
touching up the toes with snowglobe polish , watching shark week episodes and packing . wheee . #movingsucks #fb 
march 17 !LINK! 
i have a trip i need to pack for ... closet 2 for android pleeeaaazzzeee . 
new crazy duvet cover . !LINK! 
oh , this was an oops picture , but i dig it . 
much astrological madness ( the us is a cancer . ) 
i love but i am so disgusted with usbank and their reivisa that i am pondering cutting it up . 
you know , once i stopped giving a crap about anything today it improved immeasurably . 
yeesh . me too . 
oh honey , i'm so sorry . 
moon pie in sunlight on tp box = mp heaven #hipstamatic #chunky #blackeysbw 
i sorta feel like the universe has put its thumb on me and is holding me down . since early 2012 ... 
oh . everything hurts today . i think the last 3 weeks caught up with me ... #movingsucks #fb 
hot dogs are too much of a smell this early . 
i'd better go to tj's today or all i will have to put in my coffee is ranch dressing . 
ok . not going to walk for r a few days . ow . 
send them over to me . 
march 19 !LINK! 
well they did invent farting ... 
i agree . i'll be lead ukulele . 
she makes the worst . coffee . ever . 
honey , you live in mn . 
fox hoodie by punkspacewafers !LINK! via please and thank you . #fb 
i haz sparkle fingers . #fb 
unfortunately is out of warranty :( thanks anyway . 
yes , we just napalmed all the birds . 
i'm going to call my hank " mr sparkle " 
may 27 !LINK! 
next time ! i got to see you with tex so that was lovely ! 
today's attempted feat : no naps . 
do they mean hawk ? 
july 6 !LINK! 
about a year now since i got to talk to mikey . miss you bub . 
well moon pie seems comfortable . 
changing up the bed . moon pie digs it . 
plugged in the cat toasting pad and moon pie is very happy . 
thanks wrath twin ! i am feeling unwrathy at the moment ! so shall it remain ! 
can you pick a room and make that one the warm room ? 
i wonder if my next job application should go to the department of venns ... 
paying bills on my tablet from warm , soft bed while kittens gnaw on each other's heads . 
when it involves your husband in the icu - its a no holds barred fight , babe . 
big huge monster hugs to both of you . 
mother in law !LINK! 
my fingernails are dreadful right now . 
ux design tutorials and chinese food delivery . crazy friday night , man ... #livingthedream #notatalldispleasedactually 
cat trap . !LINK! 
gonna have to find another source for my carte noir . i don't know if i can afford to fly to paris every 3 weeks . ( but i'm willing to try . ) 
i just want 37 consecutive naps ... is that so wrong ? 
you always said that love was not enough always on the move and even though we long to shut it up we could never choose 
i'm much too tired to deal with my current level of frustration . 
walk to warm up . its the only way i can get my legs to unclench ... 
cleaned out the fridge . dear california , sorry about the smell . 
oh , i guess i can't eat eggs again for a while . #ow 
" where we are going there are no trees . " " chicago ? " #continentaldivide 
just looked at my say anything dvd . it looks like someone licked it . ( i swear i didn't do it this time . ) 
april 21 !LINK! 
i'm still kinda doing that :/ 
pretty sure there was onion soup mix or onion dip on that burger i ate last night . my ulcer says " hi everybody " . 
spring forward hurts much more than fall back . #notamorningperson 
ok then . apparently not ready to even think about an appointment in kaiser hayward hospital . #weepymess 
also , i totally win at bacon . #latebloomer #fb 
if we add a few steps it will be the hokey pokey ... and then we can turn ourselves around in the end . 
sign i might be a grown up : i no longer own a mr . potato head . ( not certain how i feel about that . ) 
jeff buckley's hallelujah always knocks me on my arse . 
sweet kittens ... just before they started chomping on each other . #fb 
oh you're a handsome devil . what's your name ? #grossepointeblank 
i think grosse pointe blank on repeat today should be about right . 
join me ! i want to do that , too ! 
i think of it that we make masochists happy ... 
was writing and meant to type " the tiniest pink " but typed " the tiniest oink " instead . i think i might like that better . 
i have tequila . out of bourbon ... 
a little bundle of squee ;) #nightflight duffle . #fredletstravels 
march 21 !LINK! 
yay ! also expand to other places i fly too ;) 
because i said so , that's why . 
when you say broken ... can't see login page ? can't login ? can't get to posts / pages after hitting submit of name / pw ? 
and boots . 
french works really well as a second language for english . :) 
makes me laugh when i find a " packing light " article that says " only bring 4 pairs of shoes ... " or " wear shorts and heels . " #fredletstravels 
sunburn is not fun ! i know can tan , but humans tend to overdo it : o 
what should i name my 2 headed weetacon baby ? #iloveyouman #4shinerbocksandatequilasunrise 
fixed ! thank you ! 
sporting " make boy moose go waaah " hair , jammies , and hiding in the cool . so far so good . 
those are the best kind ... :-) 
pink sith . !LINK! 
right who wants to come over and make me some buttermilk biscuits ? 
more !LINK! 
kittehs are tired of my headache , too ; woke up from a nap covered in cat toys . 
retreated to bedroom ... it has a / c . ( thanks daddy ! ) 
dear wi family , if you love me you will locate a wi baseball hat with fuzzy ears for me . ( i didn't mug the person wearing it to steal it . ) 
still uncomfortable . still furious . 
moon pie does not observe dst . 
beer me . 
just realized that i didn't have coffee this morning . y'all were in mortal danger and didn't realize it ... 
the streets here are more than half full during the day and impossible parking after 4pm . , this closure is untenable . 
... and someone * cough * ottov 2 * cough * barfed on my freshly changed sheets . nice . 
summer solstice !LINK! 
i am eating all the chocolate now . 
cleaning with shiraz ( using method for the actual cleaning ) . i may have to redo all this later ... 
good . good . good . 
found my ankles ' sweet spot : 2 braces on the right one , nothing on the left . 
i'll be ok . just not resting on my laurels or retiring early . last time i started at starbucks … which was kind of fun . we'll see ... 
maker faire project : the trunkening #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
finally delivered ; but it was delivered after we already arrived in another country . overnight delivery didn't happen 
scarf storage neatened , jammies winnowed , laundry ( 1 load ) done , cobra check sent , clock reset and hung ... next ? #todolist 
february 12 !LINK! 
swear to dog i'd vacuum ( cleaned out the bin ) but don't want to freak the kittens ; they're already jumpy from the synthetica playlist going . 
i need a blue moon and a goodly supply of orange slices . 
... all that and what are people mad about ? gay marriage . their priorities are seriously out of whack . 
what's so hard ? pour half the package of coffee … . ;P 
ummm st anthony ... are you on twitter yet ? i can't find my storage bag of merino shirts for travel after i moved . little help ? kthxbye ! 
i need the movie divided into little mini films with the different characters . the liam neeson parts hurt too much to watch . 
oh hey ! happy birthday ! 
april 30 !LINK! 
want . 
wow . 
the free birthday food coupons are starting to arrive ! huzzah ! ;) 
wearing favorite pants & 2nd favorite shirt to combat world today ( favorite shirt has been worn 1 time too many this week . needs washing ;) ) 
omg . coffee . 
tex had a new haircut last year !LINK! 
i hurt in ridiculous ways . #movingsucks #fb 
moon pie #hipstamatic #tinto1848 #dtypeplate 
. rt : note to the internet's righteous : it is possible to care about multiple tragedies of different scales at the same time . #fb 
luck !LINK! 
that is heresy . 
men's rights ... jebus ... 
yay ! ( because unless you want me to get all neurotic and manic on you , don't say the c word ... ) 
ooooh ! ! ! !LINK! 
switched from coffee to diet sunkist early today ... make of that what you will . 
oh hi merc retrograde , stop with the ' death of a macbook air power supply ' thing please . 
just love them . all good . 
april 26 !LINK! 
i was energetic before i ate my snowman snowboarder reese's ... now i'm crazy pants ! 
may 11 !LINK! 
january 26 !LINK! 
yay ! baby ! 
got married :) !LINK! 
well played , mayans . well played . 
sims decor is so freakin ' ugly . 
i have fixin's for tequila sunrises and brownies . beam me up , baby . 
too weird to live . too rare to die . 
i love down comforters . 
vegging on the couch . pondering lighting the chiminea on the porch tonight ... !LINK! 
there needs to be a " feature " in alarm clocks so when they go off on feb 2 they play " i got you babe " at 6 a . m . 
i was pondering a cpap decorating kit . whiskers , sparkles , etc . 
april 28 !LINK! 
oh hey , found my glasses ! 
! 0 more seconds and i'm leaving ! #roxanne 
mouse poo , mouse poo , rolly poly mouse poo . #cleaningthegarage #ew 
1st graders and science fair ? that is scary ... 
it is 5 in the morning in paris . the metro just started running again . why am i not there ? 
!LINK! 
fyi the feed fred fund is being gratefully used to keep me fed . thank you again . 
dreams are like angels , they keep bad at bay . 
19 july , 2013 13:31 !LINK! 
so many bags ... so little time . sigh . 
:) 
oh honey , you have lots of subs to clean for you while you drink dirty martinis and wear lovely heels ... 
yes , exactly . 
all your are belong to me . 
thank you for those links ! 
opened up the windows to air out the house and now my house smells like french fries from the burger joint down the street . 
on one hand i'd like for it to be ridiculously cold here , but on the other , i'm ready for composty whiffs to be outside . 
wait ... do they not understand how the tubes on teh intarwebz work ? 
get some of these shirts as well , they are epic ... " women's jersey hi-lo tops " 
might be time to do more layers in my hair . scissors ho ! 
its hard to knit and eat a dove bar at the same time . 
looks like bernadette married my ex-husband … though howard has a job … he's one up . 
fellow #birkenstock wearers , hubby's new birkies footbed has ripped after 4 months . do you know repairs that aren't as much as a new pair ? 
my cousin is the only person who laughs louder than i do watching big bang theory . 
is true . we're adorable . 
methinks i doth protest too much . 
blerg . 
april 5 !LINK! 
i got a homework assignment today . !LINK! 
cool ;) 
actually hail a hated roman emperor . 
today's battle is over . but the war is not yet won . #cleaninghouse #vinegar #teatreeoil #magiceraser #bakingsoda 
may your past be the sound of your feet upon the ground . carry on . 
it was probably asking for it ... 
i miss charles durning . 
february 14 !LINK! 
i love being able to email authors ! 
want chocolate . ( need to curb that craving again . sigh . ) 
come visit . i have room and it is 60 degrees . 
we're twins now ! lol 
we just applauded after the big finish ... 
hmmm . got a birthday gift certificate ... what color next ? 
your cats are fancy . this is ottov 2 ' s idea of a cat bed : 
blessed be , y'all and happy samhain ! 
what camera bag do you use ? 
which treadmill did you get ? i need one . 
i love how moon pie swats at people trying to pet her , but will jump-rub against them when they are sitting still . 
kitten babies on my suitcase !LINK! 
not having a good night . 
i shall need to become one with the bottle of tylenol tonight ... i'm just sayin ' ... 
et nom encore ... quilt fabric art via !LINK! 
good morning kittens 
i'm sorry , which part of all . now . was not clear ? ( heee . ) 
oh hostmonster , you are such a total piece of crap . 
finished input of taxes and sent to be reviewed for idiocy . just gotta submit them when approved . 
still need new glasses . funny how not doing anything about getting new ones doesn't fix anything . #curiouser 
it isn't . but i do miss chuy's :) 
i just remembered that i dreamed that i threw a mini altoids tin at someone's head . 
huh . that doesn't look right ... ;) 
oh honey ... 
hr people should be required to get english degrees . 
got it ! ! squee ! looks really awesome with my #aeronaut30 ! 
trying to prop my eyelids open another hour or my body will just treat sleeping like naptime & wake up at 2 . stupid cold / flu / ick / whatever . 
just woke up from another nap . candle might have been burned at both ends this last week . #thirtyfourteen 
huh . i noticed those symptoms when i went * on * the pill . weird . 
sometimes just giving up trying and saying " fine , i'll stay up all night " knocks me out … like last night . 
if i actually make the dinner i pondered tonight it might make up for the dreadful stuff i ate yesterday :-) 
there might be a tree growing out of my head . #fredletstravels #17miledrive 
i heard someone say while i was on the phone with them : " you need to nuke her from space . its the only way to be certain . " 
they need to sell a thanksgiving bluray of all the best t'giving tv episodes . ( wkrp would be on it of course ) . chime in with other episodes ! 
paradise is exactly like where you are right now ... only much , much better . 
so , every time i can't move and am thirsty and am really miserable it makes me angrier at you and san diego . 
change your twitter passwords , y'all . there's hacking going on today . 
gin and tonic , sweetie darling . 
people joke about the horrible things that they don't do . #grossepointeblank 
gobble tov , y'all ! 
dear edd , i'd love to do all this online , but you say to call . then your phone says to go online and hangs up on me . 
stockholm syndrome ? 
i smell the pain upon the breath of the lost and the lonely . #thethe 
i had to stop cooking ; i ran out of spoons . 
: - * 
the dalai lama is a cancer . seems about right . july 6 , 1935 :) #happybirthdaydalailama 
i need coffee . ( this is the second time i've ever been laid off … both before coffee . that is rather cruel , actually . ) 
moon pie's favorite spot in the house ( behind door , on carpet , in front of heat register ) 
loving the burn , baby . 
from the dawn of time we came , moving silently down through the centuries . living many secret lives ... 
i might be a little cranky today . 
i want sushi . 
i still want a magnetic wall . 
i'd rather see you up than see you down leave me if you need to i will still remember angel flying too close to the ground 
oh at dinner : donkeys are scary ! 
starting my annual watching of this a gazillion times now ... !LINK! 
fair enough :-) . how about as manicure slave then ? 
the corporate birthday wishes started yesterday . i kind of like them ; whereas i hate it when salespeople use my name all the time . 
how do vegans justify alcohol consumption ? 
brie and crackers for afternoon snackies . 
i vacuumed . when i am no longer an unemployed wastrel , i shall hire cleaning folk ( fae or otherwise ) & file receipts under ' entertainment ' . 
wine and knitting ... my apologies if you get drunky knitted gift . 
enter to win one of 14 pairs of designer flats ! !LINK! 
otto !LINK! 
dear stylists : the side ponytail is dead . please stop trying to make it happen again . 
one of the names bandied about for austin , texas ' airport was " fred " . 
sea to oak 
no really . that which has been seen cannot be unseen . 
you're doing it right , my friend . 
... but fred still gone . sigh . 
longhorn . 
syquest drives ... so . much . balloon . static . 
friday night extravaganza ! godzilla vs . mothra and some tasty beverage . ( brain death reigns supreme here . i'm tired . must veg . ) 
also don't forget that since women's prisons are less full , women actually do moreof the sentences time than men regardless 
is it cold yet ? 
ok then . ( also my name is fred and i'm a woman so i can see that you might get the same questions i do ) 
hello ! i'm : poopy tired . 
happy birthday fellow leo ! 
i think i'm going to do that actually . it sounds reasonable to me . 
reptile brain demanded down jacket , brownies & wallowing in bed in front of telly . its smarter than i realized . it better win the lotto too . 
want . " eva solo new tea and coffee kettles " !LINK! 
i went minimal . 
january 28 !LINK! 
i need ... !LINK! 
not at all certain why i have been awake for the last hour . i'll get up at 6 if this persists . 
the pillow pile is being recalcitrant today . can't . get . comfy . 
yes nap . then put all your favorite clothes in the bag . more socks and undies than you think you need plus yoga pants . 
a new first : i'm unpacked from my trip the day after i got home . 
your popup ad makes this article unreadable . even with alleged close window button . 
then what is the point ? jeebus . 
caffeine : good . internet : good . 
amongst the 3 dimensional people . 
just going to get up and drink coffee . maybe i can get a nap without my brain going 400 mph later . 
i'm cross-eyed tired . i've been awake since 9 pm last night ; yet i still want to rearrange the garage and redo my floors right this minute . 
aliens in kilts ? ;) 
tiger shark ! 
so wear two bras at a time . the second one ... elsewhere ... stuff em with socks or something . ;) 
. , those teeny ( and only half full ) cups you have your bettas in are tremendously cruel and unhealthy . 
lunch today : cheesy , melty , piggy bake with poblanos . nom . 
so i should bring shorts ? :-) 
yay ! good to see you back ! 
recipe : fredlet's meatloaf !LINK! 
hey dweebs w / assault rifles in #chipotle ; it's not your restaurant , eat at home with your rifle . they are not necessary for anyone's safety . 
ok 2014 , let's play nicely please . !LINK! 
july stuff !LINK! 
perigee-syzygy !LINK! 
oh bless his little heart ... 
making a garlicky chicken corn sweet potato chowder to keep me from going able sugar over this edd bullshit . 
also , he can't spell . 
aziz ! ( limo ) light ! 
she's been deprived of toy story aliens ? that is just wrong . 
looong week . i ate a cookie today to make up for it . #fb 
probably would have gotten more if i'd have said they are prehensile ... 
this is the kitchen i want . it . is . perfect . ( deer optional ) . 
woohooo leo ! ! 
... and they are being used ! couldn't do much about the high pressure system though ... 
kittens are digging the new throw rug i have in the sitting room as its more comfy to beat the crap out of each other on it than the floor . 
don't go there . but also don't walk around at night in a tiger reserve with steaks on your head . 
listening to frankie goes to hollywood . power of love always breaks my heart . 
attempting to use my words for good not for evil . pissy customer service at me doesn't help at a company i've used for 10 years . 
look there's mesopotamia . #newgirl 
the kittehs have declined my entreaty to make me breakfast in bed . #pitfallsoflivingalone 
walk slowly until warmed up . don't rush it . 
can't manage to stay in security at san diego crap airport . can't seem to exit fekkin ' san jose . #bullshit 
" lights of the emerald city " and " sprung " 
dear liver , i'm very , very sorry . love and kisses , fredlet . 
i already know ! i saw that documentary of the gorilla in that commercial years ago ! ;) 
i've gone blank on the " clean house " magic spell . apparently i'm not as hermione as i thought . no wonder this place is still messy . #fb 
put out buckets ... we'll build a tube to bring it out here . 
i have a few . this one is a handle mug in orange . 
outfit check : monster man's shirt and lamb ears . ( i'd love to think i am adorkable , but i suspect just a dork ) 
i'm going to make the kittens clean the living room . slackers . 
rescuing a hand-me-down cast iron skillet in my favorite way : cooking 1 lb of applewood smoked bacon . #foodislove 
i might be a little bit of a dumbass ... but don't tell anyone . 
puppycat is playing fetch with an orange juice carton lid . 
getting sleepy at 12:30 a ... i'm going to lose all my nocturnal cred . 
zofran good . 
married tex 3 years ago . miss him . #fuckcancer 
up til 3a , slept til 10 , up to do a few chores , napped til 5p . i got to see tex in my dream though . that was nice . #unemployedwastrel 
hah autocorrect inserted " typo " that became a typo ... honest , i haven't opened the bottle yet ... 
happy birthday ! #awesome #boomboom 
bring me dermot mulroney and cake . 
this shiftless , unemployed bum is going to take a nap now . too much nonsense today . 
more account crap . personal letter writing . time marches on . 
getting on to spring in the backyard !LINK! 
poop . i hate it when the people i love hurt . makes me feel a little stabby toward the universe . 
hair clippy tesseract #fb 
oh hobby lobby . i wish you weren't such religious assholes to your employees . i liked your stuff , but not you . #votingwithmydollars 
i think you and i do the same thing . 
bought cat food and cat toys . ( remind me to go to a different pet store that isn't across the street from the hospital where tex was ... ) 
there is a possibility my febrile brain may have switched a random word generator for my mouth . 
i'd say i am drinking little tiny beers in spanish , but i can't remember how to spell anything right now . 
if i didn't have so damn much to do i'd be in a nap spiral right now . 
( i'll stand behind my bid , but tell me y'all got that reference :-) ) 
love . coffee sleeve via !LINK! 
moon pie is sleeping on the marshmallows . 
oh hey , i'm nocturnal again . 
how to stop people from being jerks and messing with me over stuff : " my husband died at christmas . i can't do this with you now . " 
oh anxiety . you sure know how to surprise a girl , dontcha ? 
i can haz garden gnome ? 
can't decide if i should be annoyed with today yet . i'll try to ignore this stuff from this morning and see if i can start over . 
hello air conditioning ; i am in you . 
oh no wait , that was ottov 2 complaining ... 
anyone fancy a road trip ? 
sorry ... given recent developments i need to welch on this bid :| 
no i didn't . and i had there as well . don't fuck with pamela ; she'll cut you . 
dogs and peanut butter : never gets old . ( via mom ) !LINK! 
texas sky . #fb #hipstamatic #chunky #blackeysbw 
october and beyond !LINK! 
worse . people believe them . 
yay ! found my errant garden gnome costume ! #unpacking 
may 9 !LINK! 
may 10 !LINK! 
attn emps of store : customers get right of way . ( next time i run your ass over w / my heavy cart instead of hurting myself stopping ) #homedepot 
same here . french degree and art degree ; first job out of school : apple tech support . 
oh its tuesday . ( new year , time for me to get back into ' knowing what day it is on my own ' & getting back to ' cleaning 1 thing a day ' habit ) 
i think i just saw a pterodactyl fly past my window . 
... and i still don't have any chocolate in the house . 
i need a bed changing machine like in fifth element . 
planning . organizing . rearranging . plotting . devising . ... oh , there might be some cleaning in there somewhere . 
crazy saturday night cleaning cat poop off a squirming , unhappy cat :/ this was the high point if my day it seems . sigh . 
" not your ordinary knife blocks " !LINK! 
i hate flaky craigslist buyers . 
nice tits ! 
nice marmot . 
my mind is playing the " 1 year ago " thing . !LINK! 
loving it so far ;) generating some questions ( not necessarily bugs ) for you today ;) 
dear world , i have a long to do list . no fires or emergencies or whatnot today please . thankyouverymuch . 
sparkly , ukulele appropriate length nails . ( also putting off bringing in the trash bins . ) 
not bad , but i still prefer shiraz and cabs ... 
i have fmp if you need me to poke at it . 
oh bless his little heart ... ;) 
april 23 !LINK! 
moon pie lounging !LINK! 
oh earthlink ftp , kindly join the new millennium please . 1992 wants its interface back . 
ermmm ... hey january ? whatcha doing ? !LINK! 
stupid middle seat . early bird check is useless when screws you in san diego . #latearrival 
the new ' cat spot ' . #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
greek tragedy . 
5am soliloquy !LINK! 
appalling and sad . !LINK! 
made the mistake of coming in from the ( cool enough ) sitting room to the a / c'd bedroom . i'll never leave . 
he's adorable ! 
i really have to wonder at why my brain is being resistant to sleeping in my bedroom tonight . chi must be unbalanced . shall remedy tomorrow . 
oh wouldn't they love to have a cms instead of coding it ? :) 
stop blocking my card whenever i try to use it . it is currently useless even after an hour on the phone . 
in memory : michael wagner !LINK! 
dear self , never buy small mouth mason jars again . you don't like them . love , self . 
ok i'm packed for : hawaii , texas , the sierras or ( with another 30 minutes of work ) paris . just in case , yo . 
i know ;) 
stop shark finning . rt : left to die for a bowl of soup ... !LINK! #fb 
copper lined tray . #hipstamatic #chunky #pistil 
oh boy , sleep ! that's where i'm a viking ! #ralphwiggumismyinnerchild 
i can neither confirm nor deny a bit of crush on greg skomal . #sharkweek 
april 10 !LINK! 
march 13 !LINK! 
did you eat bugs ? ( because if you did i have to drink . its the rules of the drinking game ... ) 
oh hi ... mmmrrppphh . coffee plz and tks . 
hi monday . how you doin ' ? 
just watched a video of an artist panning all modern art as crap & morally wrong . the point of art is to evoke a response . modern art wins . 
but that is a great date movie ! 
january 3 !LINK! 
was looking all over for the remote ... while it was in my hand . alzheimer's or nitwit ? #youdecide 
nice . contoure modern cat tree ( walnut stain ) !LINK! 
don't sleep in the huts on the appalachian trail . 
backpackers : what is your favorite / most useful in the grubby wilderness fitness tracker ? #fb 
full moon shining on the fog bank . beautiful . 
my tylenol bottle lid has a warning label that says " contains acetaminophen " . i weep for the future . 
cleaning on the living room . cats racing around with the novelty of excellent traction . moon pie's tail is fluffy . 
maybe ... 
i don't remember dancing as much as my knees hurt . must have been the shoes earlier tonight . 
why hasn't someone made me coffee yet ? 
ready for it not to be may . i didn't much care for this last month . 
ankle healing continues apace . took my garbage cans out to the street all by myself and didn't fall on my arse . 
i used to just worry about tripe when i traveled ... because : ick . now i have to worry about onions because : pain . sigh . #fredletstravels #fb 
i got million-dollar charm , cousin . 
... and you're doing it right . :) keep on with you're bad self ! 
salt . fat . sugar . caffeine . yes , please ... ( sigh ) . 
occupational hazard . 
free pattern tuesday - helga the hedgehog !LINK! via 
ok y'all have used up your allotment of " no one knows why the sharks are here now ! " .. because we do know . no more of that in ' 15 . 
fuckin ' laundry . #meh #missmyoldhouse 
( if there really can be only one , why are there two fekkin ' sequels ? ) 
february 9 !LINK! 
ok . i'm packed . 
pondered fixing the rips in my down comforter with duct tape . what ? it is * white * duct tape ... blends right in . 
hello beautiful marine layer . i love you . 
all yall watching the #gopdebate tonight please take care of your livers and don't drive clinically brain dead from alcohol abuse ! 
... and my mom hiked with me as well ! gadget and rocky were born on the trail that year ! 
caffeine probably just hasn't kicked in yet , but feeling a little off kilter . 
flight delay in austin . #nightflight #aeronaut30 
alien attack again ? 
ooooh ... orange ! la sardina camera and flash orinoco ochre !LINK! via 
sara bareilles - sittin on the dock of the bay :) !LINK! 
dear santa , i'd love a co-pilot in black dyneema w / ultraviolet lining this year . please & thank you . !LINK! #fb 
i just purchased rechargeable hand warmer blu wht from senses on fab !LINK! via 
birthday wishes : 1 . !LINK! and 2 . !LINK! 
i find myself tremendously irritated by infomercials that are not hd . 
ah . distilled personal coping mechanism : ignore forest . focus on tree . 
yay ! ! ! 
bees ? 
february 10 !LINK! 
i just entered to win a rei trip ! enter for your chance to win at !LINK! !LINK! 
#fb rt : let's watch some cartoons ! tex avery's " red hot riding hood " : !LINK! 
so many vintage eagle creek travel packs i'm seeing today ! so excite ! #luggagenerd #fredletstravels 
* individual rights * . not corporate rights . and you are infringing on other people's rights . why do you matter more ? 
i could . ;) 
i'm hitting the diet sunkist pretty hard tonight . #fridaynightanimalplans 
hello bedroom ! 
reason 4,276 why it is taking me a month to unpack #fb 
joe lies . joe lies . when he cries ... 
got my aeronaut 30 today ( black dyneema / ultraviolet dyneema lining ) :) the cats love the box . #squee 
april 25 !LINK! 
i just entered to win the ultimate camp chef kitchen . you can too ! enter today : !LINK! #reivillage 
weather !LINK! 
oh maybe not packed yet ... moon pie decided to reorganize . #fb 
oh yeah . i call that " nighttime " . 
i have eaten all the foods . waz hungreh . 
this is my style ... apparently i am a child . !LINK! 
want . more . coffee . shouldn't . drink . more . coffee . 
i don't agree company gets to be religious if they want they can start a church . businesses shouldn't impose religious beliefs 
april 12 !LINK! 
feeling blerghy . 
i wonder if dying my uggs black would turn out badly ... 
is appreciated :) margaritas are useful too ( but not for the under 21 crowd ;) ) 
i find it amusing … !LINK! 
arg . i went to dinner and didn't leave my package as i requested . now i have to wait another day for my stuff ! 
merrell men's ventilators . 
like we care ... ;) nom chocolate 
aardvark ! 
some of these ukulele tab writers are kidding themselves ... 
as god is my witness , i thought turkeys could fly . 
playing too much solitaire on my tablet . am going to dream about red black red black red black red black ... 
much , much love in my feeds today . is needed . 
" i'm being chased by a psychiatrist ! " " it happens . " 
happy anniversary ! ! love you two ! 
march 11 !LINK! 
moon pie in the down throw . !LINK! 
mornin ' y'all ... 
arrived in montevideo !LINK! 
in front of a nice fire on a rainy day . !LINK! 
couture , that jersey grabbing bullshit is ridiculous . cut it out . #sharks 
i bought a skirt . it isn't black . #youdthinkthisisanaprilfoolsbutitaint 
next you are going to tell me unicorns are mythological ... pffft . 
epic nap . crazy ass dreams . 
change .. or simulacrum thereof . !LINK! 
brisket , body pillow cover , ziploc freezer bags :-) 
yeah , he went after my baby teeth with pliers . that hurt . 
i can handle down to about 20 in the regular jacket , but the teens call for the big coat ;) 
you don't need a phd to be captain sweatpants " 
!LINK! 
helpy cat is helpy . #movingsucks #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
linky to boots ? 
hey bay area folks , who do i know who can sew ( and wants to make me a fleece jacket ? i'll bring lunch etc . i'll ' help ' until you yell ;) 
:( time to go watch the birdcage for the millionth time . hey go hug robin williams for me . #fb 
ummm ... don't let me buy any more yarn for a little while , mmmkay ? #fb 
all empty . looks like the easter bunny barfed in my trunk :-) 
room cleaning progress : found jeans . still must find tablet and long down coat . jimmy hoffa may have borrowed it .. 
january 31 !LINK! 
my g'mother said her mug was broken on arrival - this was her mother's day present . i don't want to make her return it can you help ? 
don't blame me . i hate it , too . 
the gate !LINK! 
january 2 !LINK! 
plans abandoned for tomorrow ( slightly relieved but still really need to do them ) maybe i'll get paint and rosemary plants instead . 
hah . found my bracelet ... and curiously some more make up . i don't even know who i am anymore . 
february 7 !LINK! 
bunny berigan song in age of ultron . i approve . 
laurels aren't very comfy … too many branchy things … i'll go do some online coding courses that i have been putting off for a while . 
siamese kitties are awesome . bunnycat was part siamese . 
might be time for a nap . 
i can hear geese in the fog ( window is open ) . kittens are mighty intrigued . 
chocolate is all gone . 
what's the wow for ? are you a liar ? 
another fine cat trap catch . #itsatrap ! 
i think i have a goose egg on my forehead from bonking my head on my rental car . ( it wasn't a honda . the universe is chastising me . ) 
no tengo cake . 
yum ! " stack mug - heath ceramics " !LINK! 
if y'all are in different rooms tweeting , i am charmed :) 
i recognize her ! her tail is very distinctive ! 
yeah , i'm super disappointed . 
still can't find my broom . maybe it will be under the late cretaceous layer in the fridge . 
just walked into the other room . it is like an oven in there ... a convection oven actually ; i have the fan on high ... 
i did ! it wasn't a huge part as i only had a short amount of vacation . rhododendron gap , va is amazing ! 
bear . #fredletstravels #fb 
i'd really like to give steve jobs widow a hug sometimes . 
yeah , i'm a terrible virtual houseguest ! you can blame me when the kids get cranky about it ;) 
close to my little aliens :) 
heh . !LINK! #caffeinated 
happy birthday ! 
o coffee slave wherefore art thou ? deny thy tea & refuse thy bag ; or if thou wilt not , be but sworn my cup and i'll no longer be a sleepyhead . 
saturday night on the beds with kittehs and luggage . 
loving the ( atypical ) summer overcast , but not loving the headache that has accompanied it . please bring kahlua and tylenol . thx . 
only marginally more acceptable than fish reheated in a microwave . 
dear lazyweb : need a sweater like this made of merino wool , sized xxl / 2x ( so i can wear it over shirts ) seen one ? #fb 
peeling bananas . #wildandcrazynight 
headache . eyeballs trying to escape . please send sushi . 
the 2002 shiraz is noticeably better than the 2011 ... but i ain't putting the glass down . 
a proper sleigh ride with snow . #hipstamatic #tinto1848 #dtypeplate 
ok turkey visiting my deck , stop pooping or i will eat you . #digginginthedirt 
come see us at maker faire this weekend ! !LINK! 
post mortem meeting ? 
love ! ! accoutrements shark attack porcelain mug by accoutrements !LINK! via 
duh ... cat . 
mobility and whatnot !LINK! 
sunset :) #fb 
first trip with my #nightflight duffle . i bet i could go 3-4 days just using this . #fredletstravels 
dear marketing folks : don't copy / paste from word into a cms . it will all end in tears ... 
eeexxxccceeellleeennnttt . 
friday night . i have a bottle of shiraz ( which i was not carded for ... grrr ) and i'm not going to clean . 
oh how i despise usbank . unreliable in the extreme . 
oh i disagree . 6:30 pm on a saturday night is the * perfect * time to put on jammies , teddy bear pelt robe and bunny slippers . 
oooh , very nice ! 
ankle-y update : not swollen but decidedly pudgier feet , i'm getting better at hobbling , bit of bruising but not much . still no hot spots . 
feels way more humid than 49 % ! i lived in austin & houston so i am familiar with the concept ;) #fredletstravels #fb 
more love for . thank you tribe 
leftovers ( it's what's for dinner and blog posts ) !LINK! 
if the thought of being without it makes you unhappy , listen . if it fills you with relief , listen . 
new ziosk tablets at chili's . mostly cool but ui and touchscreen mapping needs refining ... #hireme 
soup , i think . yes . 
may 23 !LINK! 
out of orange juice . probably for the best ... 
ok , where are we going this weekend ? 
alien is my copilot . #fredletstravels #toystoryalien #nightflight 
you can also teach him to go figure out or find someone to teach him that . teach problem solving and solution finding . :) 
february 8 !LINK! 
aug 7 is my birthday :-) 
also robin williams was one of the guards in branagh's hamlet . 
i think i have the makings of chili cheese dogs . if my ankles will let me walk ... they are not happy today . 
march 31 !LINK! 
knitters cover pittsburgh's warhol bridge in yarn - sfgate !LINK! via 
you can fall for pretty strangers !LINK! 
if i have let myself run out of flour i shall turn in my zombie apocalypse preparedness raptor scout card . 
susan in her ! #igigiweetacon 
the world is clearly bonkers . imma go play in my garden with dirt n stuff ... 
i might need xan @x to deal with fekkin ' day . #fb 
ottov 2 sleeping on some on my purses !LINK! 
i have mixed feelings about 2013 so far . 
my knees finally don't hurt . 
are we out of business yet ? i'm taking down the office now ! #grossepointeblank 
sounds a little kinky actually ... 
of course ! #wannabuyabridgetoo ? 
thanks ... :( 
i suppose i'll just have to practice , practice , practice ! 
ah . am doomed to sugar crash nap later today : found the leftover cherry pop-tarts from camping . 
he said " go big or go home . " it was then i knew things were going to explode ... 
ok , who wants to teach me to ice skate ? 
huh . i never realized that string theory is actually about cheese ... 
want plz . !LINK! 
i appear to be on a peanut butter bender . 
you love the little birdies so much you give them this to perch on ... #roxanne 
erm , emergency housecleaning now . 
all the electronics in the house are staging a revolt in protest of tex being gone . 
scariest . movie . ever . 
january 23 !LINK! 
time for outdoor tidying and gardening type stuff . 
i'm really in the mood to go crazy ape bonkers in a container store ( buying stuff ... not on people . ) #organize ! ! ! 
good thoughts for y'all , and you look totes adorbs ... tieks ? 
funny how electronics work better when plugged in . anyone else notice that ? i should research that more . 
there will be much roasting of squash today ! ( i am excited , but i bet the squash community isn't a big fan of me ... ) 
i really like having a dishwasher , though i miss my other one i had when i lived in oakland ... 
bacon fixes much . 
i was last on & was blocked by a guy with an expanded , overstuffed bag waste 5 minutes not being able to put it in the bin 
full moon reverie !LINK! 
2 days in a row with no nap . maybe i just needed to sleep for a week . 
scurvy is for quitters . 
also hooray for being able to shelve my fat pants again ( with extra room in regular pants as well ); told reptile brain to shut its pie-hole . 
look who is irritated with me . ( not pictured : her tail smacking me in the face repeatedly ... ) 
or renaming them both to rocky and bullwinkle . 
just make sure the water does double duty ... watering plants etc . #droughtincaliforniasucks 
awww . the cake is gone . 
january 11 !LINK! 
jeff buckley hallelujah and yellow tail shiraz . oh . that mood . 
ha . more than leo ... un-possible ! #imaleo 
who has tieks ? i have an 8.5 sort of wide foot . should i order the 9 ? 
my tv's app really really is terrible now . stop making these terrible updates ! 
i seem to be eating all the soup ( and i made a lot ) . 
apparently applebee's puts onion powder in their burgers . ow . ow . ow . #fb 
5 o'clock . time to get out if bed i suppose . 
tonight : totally vindicated for having spent a full week playing tetris on my gameboy so long ago . #organizedstoragecabinet 
what do i need to do to get you to make me some of that food of the gods ? 
do it ! do it ! ;) 
texas luuuv . #fb #shinerbock #joebobbriggs #hipstamatic #chunky #blackeysbw 
takes 3 hours for anything at despite 15 employees running around - no one available ever . 
i wonder when the turkeys will be back to the backyard ... i want to serenade them with my mad ukulele skills from the deck . 
rose goes in the front big guy . 
1 ) there is no calm at weetacon 2 ) layers 3 ) party with profit ! 
not certain why i bring shirts to visit tx , i always end up buying 7 chuy's , 3 longhorns & a jackalope shirt when i'm here #fredletstravels 
ok dinner was not to spec . pbj it is then ... 
for those with cats we don't need the " awareness " part thanksverymuch . 
it is quite possible i'm at the " i love you man " stage of the evening . 
january 22 !LINK! 
.. and bad bar costume ? and slutty heels ? etc ... i pack less clothes than costumes . 
and one of those heat lamps for baby chickens ... 
april 18 !LINK! 
january 19 !LINK! 
there . the fridge might be tolerable after this . 
b uses vim for most things , the guys at his work also use pycharm . 
managed to avoid that building this friday , but will have to gird my loins on the 20th . sigh . #biggirlpanties 
edd just called me to ask why i was sending in all these forms ( that they sent to me to fill out ) . sooo tired of them . #fb 
i loved playing field hockey , but i was pretty lame at it ;) 
ottov 2 is very happy !LINK! 
it is very warm in this house . curse those side sliding windows that don't work with the 2 a / c units i have . ( anyone want to buy them ? ) #fb 
dear lazyweb , i have an #aeronaut30 from - any recommendations on a waterproof pack cover for it ? 
i wish they would do " think of the children " when they cut out healthcare and food subsidies ... because , that's crap . 
march 4 !LINK! 
oh fine . i'll get on the plane if you insist on it leaving more or less on time . 
i want it all . now . 
sigh . :( 
irritating side effect from ankle issues : braces rub spots and i still have to be gentle with my hind paws . poor feet need attention soon . 
i'm thinking my parents won't want to take my phone calls anymore if crap keeps happening :-) 
dancing around the house in fairy wings to everclear . cats think i'm insane ( which is saying something . ) 
went somewhere other than trader joe's to get blue candles ... and they didn't even have them . feh . 
d'oh . a big ass bag of potting soil wasn't enough . need to get another bag for the front porch . 
they wrote a parody once if it called " bored of the rings " and they named him dildo in it :) 
having a post cocktail party caramel appletini - though it tastes more like a midori-tini ... #fredletstravels 
you can't tell i've done any #unpacking in here . sigh . 
got a new backpack ! ( a . k . a . catbed ) 
my stomach is very chatty this evening ... 
your faithful housecat ... 
oh . i'd better make sure i have groundhog day on one of my devices for next week . 
no . i'm not going to get anything done tonight . 
i really shouldn't equate learning life lessons with getting past the levels in candy crush saga , but i kind of do . #clearingthejelly 
pizza's all gone . 
v . happy :) #fb 
wifi at texas rest stops . best . invention . ever . 
margaritas and shrimps ! #wildwednesday 
omg i just saw a recipe for gruyère bread pudding . nom . 
july 4 !LINK! 
one must pay the price for the shoe greatness . 
yo quiero taco bell . 
i don't want your thoughts and prayers . i want people to stop shooting people . do something useful . 
i have 8.5 wide foot . 9 is absolutely perfect in the leather . 
i will . but i can't hide under the desk forever … i'll decide there are too many dust bunnies and want to vacuum . 
no wonder they give you 2 yrs to claim social security death benefits ; it takes 2 yrs of phone hang ups to get through to even make an appt . 
please note : my former employer shall henceforth be referred to as " hot richard " . that is all . #jfgi 
it seems to be beer o'clock . breaking out the limes . 
i am here . 
i have the ramones as an ear worm today ... better than van halen that i've had for the last week , i suppose . #fredletstravels #fb 
dear universe , a few places i want to go : bhutan , galapagos , peru , turkey , tibet , iceland , ( back to ) france and ireland . #fredletstravels 
going to go to my happy place for a while . ( chocolate and big bang theory ) . 
however in html emails , m-dashes don't render so you'll have to suffer til email clients stop mangling html and css . 
there's a child outside incapable of speaking in anything but a screech . best . birth . control . ever . 
oh honey ... bukkake . 
please do . i don't even bother with it if i don't have to ... 
i forgot how yummy the bitey bugs in texas find me . ow . 
i am strong like bull . clever like mutated hedgehog . fear me . 
twist and snip ? i do a bit of jaggedy snipping for effect as well . 
irritated . 
really ? still trying to make it that women are not-human enough to do human things ? geez . people . 
that is the correct size cookie . 
i hate it when there are all sorts of ( rational ) reasons that i can't have what i want . 
" because he puts an addictive chemical in his chicken that makes you crave it fortnightly , smartass ! " 
also at & t you told me you cancelled his account last mon , why are you billing me for a new month ? jerkfaces . 
oh those are amazing ! ! ! 
aside from win networking nothing makes me quite as crazy as ftp setups on different servers . grar . 
huzzah ! got the new battery to work in the key fob on vwanda . 
my dvd of say anything is borked . there better be a bluray version out . 
:( no option for transfusion the night before for an early surgery ? 
let's hope june is quieter . i'm worn out after the last series of eclipses . leo / geminimoon / sagrising 
they don't know what they're missing ! 
guh-nome !LINK! 
april 15 !LINK! 
dripping sweat and eating breakfast tacos from maudie's ; yep , i'm in austin ;) #fredletstravels #fb 
really ? only 3 o'clock ? i thought i wasted more of the day that i have . 
yellowtail shiraz bottle i had open went off so let's se if the ' 98 louis jadot beaujolais is still good . 
fyi guys : we mock you when you order a vanilla latte . 
i'm so astounded at how badly designed & run san jose , ca's airport is . i might just drive 60 miles to oakland to avoid it . #fredletstravels 
put saliva on it . the enzymes break down the mosquito allergen . 
may you live a thousand years ... 
resisting texting . 
ask the doctor to write a letter of medical necessity . also ask the social worker at the hospital to help . they are there for that 
oh laundry . why must you mock me so ? 
mama and meme . #hipstamatic #jamesm #dc 
but that's the best part ! 
5 months !LINK! 
found stash of stuff from high school . cool stuff . still miss andrew bowman . 
hmmm , i have more shoes than i realized . 
i repeat : hot showers are the best invention ever . 
garlic mashed ' tatos and gruyere . admit it : you're jealous ( even if you don't want to be near me ) . 
so food touching on your plate is a hard limit ? ;) 
here's a fun question : anyone have a good example of a memorial card ? i need to make one to send out for tex and i don't know what i want . 
i think i have that orange one , too ! 
pondering painting my kitchen chairs black . 
everyone else is excited about red cups ; i get excited about cranberry chevre at trader joes coming back . 
i doubt it was all that . partially it was them asking for your full address every time you tried to buy something . 
they are redoing them and were nice , but my rush passport service payment is wasted . not a good time for waste 
i had coffee at 2 pm ! hi ! hi ! hi ! 
packing for vegas in august . 
moon pie is literally bouncing off the walls . impressive , actually . 
i like your answer . 
found my makeup ... while i was looking for my bracelet . oh well . 
i love you so very much . 
cause there's a monster living under my bed . whispering in my ear ... 
it is only $ 250 but when you are denied unemployment , that is half a cobra payment ... which ain't nothing to sneeze at . 
wanna buy a great bag from me ? check out lug weekender - orange !LINK! :) 
mon pie weighs 9 pounds . exactly what bunnycat weighed most of her life . ottov 2 weighs slightly less than ottov 1 . #catreincarnation 
i need a summer vacation . a week at the beach in faded clothes , marshmallow toasting in the cold at night and fog on the beach . 
do you use closet ? 
point richmond 
i don't think i'm going to have enough available nap time in may . 
january 30 !LINK! 
put cat food out where the skunks can't reach it . raccoons love cat food . 
yeah , i know i lived there for probably 10 years ... 
i should do something today , huh ? 
thanks @ apple store , valley fair for rescuing my macbookair 11 ! power supply went out a skosh out of ext warranty and they took care of me ! 
oooh , do a picture at the end of each stitching session and make an animation :) 
friends , i'm leaving my phone in the kitchen so i don't drunk dial you . texting might happen though since i have a little app . #yourewelcome 
so i don't have to vacuum now ? 
oh today . how you vex me . 
my reputation precedes me ... !LINK! 
i'm totally a nigerian prince . please send money . #hackedorjustsnarky ? 
untitleddocument1.doc 
nascent foxy loxy tea set #kitsune #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
note to self , if you listen to music , the thermos song won't keep running through your head ... i'm just sayin ' 
may 4 !LINK! 
i think my reptile brain may be letting loose of the reins a little ... just a little , though . 
glad i worked at home today ... i knew someone was going to make me cry in all this account nonsense . 
... and i'm totally a special sparkle pony . 
if my storage space has always been freezing then the next week it isn't and you tell me there isn't a / c i won't believe you 
may 14 !LINK! 
i just cut my own . take that with a grain of salt , i am quite feral . 
i hear you :( 
john wallace , are you a woman ? 
also progress in the kitchen from a previous burst of energy . #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
watching the engr . team point fingers and freak out on a holiday weekend is somewhat irritating and gratifying at once . #schadenfreude 
i just get turned down when i try to use it randomly . then have to spend 45 mins finding out why & then maybe it gets to be used . 
hmmm ... jolt . #earthquake 
i took a shower ; it's a christmas miracle ! 
happy birthday ! 
fly through oak or sjc . life is too short for sfo . 
ah , found my stash . you can't have my z . a . p . r . card , man . #nicemarmot 
math is hard , y'all . 
january 12 !LINK! 
missed picture of the day : a pallet full of pigs in a pile on their way to chinese grocery store ... 
all of my jbl speakers are dying at once . wtf ? new speaker suggestions ? anyone ? bueller ? 
doing my best not to do gallows humor today , but i really want to set the auto reply on tex's email for bday messages to " thanks . i'm dead . " 
is tesla gonna be the future shipstone ? #fb 
yay ! will be haunting it all weetacon weekend ! 
so . very . irritated . good thing i bought cheese , chocolate and wine at tj's . 
jones-y is completely adorable :) 
. the email sent says the delivery team does the install . " if purchased , our delivery team will connect delivered appliances . " 
broke my new tea mug . grrr #iamwhyicanthavenicethngs 
new battery for my phone arrived today . hopefully it will resolve the spontaneous reboots that make using it impossible unless plugged in . 
coffee and nacho cheese doritos work together surprisingly well . 
new years 2015 !LINK! 
... and someone who isn't bright enough to know their own email address ... 
i'm a delicate flower , dammit . 
i hear there was flooding in calgary ... 
oh fine caffeine , you win . i'll knit and listen to my audiobook . 
tex ’ s birthday !LINK! 
that can't be legal . file a complaint . 
i'm using ' s potato ... er ... iphone 4 . still chugging along nicely :) 
been there , done that . 
pro-tip : if you don't turn * on * the coffee pot the hot life-blood of goodness does not flow . #themoreyouknow #fb 
dark chocolate grahams aren't as good as milk chocolate ones . i'm just sayin ' . 
hey can someone bring me a chuy's frozen margarita with salt , please ? 
oh honey . good thoughts are headed your way . i'm happy to help transcribe if you need help :-) 
why do you think the pussies were rioting ? 
nose is peeling . am hawt . 
schadenfreude . i haz it . 
pancakes and eggs , watering plants , table saws , laundry wrangling and silly cats . #sunday 
hmmm rt : #sagittarius will never betray your trust . 
oh ottov 2 , bless your heart , quit peeing on rugs . #peecat 
" never let getting crucial work done get in the way of an advertising campaign ! " 
because yesterday was one big nap ;) 
stop copying me . ;) 
i might need this : jam out on a shark-a-lele , just the thing for shark week . via !LINK! 
that's ok , just was running less a / c . the bedroom is cool . 
ridiculous kittens . love . #fb 
february 6 !LINK! 
march 6 !LINK! 
happy anniversary , tex !LINK! 
pie crust for pot pie needed more flour to compensate for alfredo sauce . hope the apple pie crust is better . 
july 8 !LINK! 
my twitter feed is full of sharks talking about sharknado and space station stuff . completely awesome . 
new superpower ? 
january 24 !LINK! 
it is entirely possibly that i might have a sparkly nail polish addiction . #thankstrish 
with me it usually means , i don't know what you want but tell me and i'll do it . 
doing my part to prep for snowpocalypse : i'll have leftover meatloaf and chicken soup if y'all need . might have to wrestle bradd though ... 
dear lazyweb , i want to learn to speak turkish ( much youtube documentaries not translated . ) any suggestions ? please and thank you ! 
i'm 44 on wednesday :-) happy birthday fellow leo ! 
note to self : dryer works better when activated ... not just loaded and set . sigh . 
home . tired . 
i'm about to leave again myself :) enjoy the weather and see you another time ! 
feeling mighty quiet today . 
want plz . !LINK! 
given the options of cat beds , people beds , chairs , carpets etc ; ottov 2 invariably goes for an open suitcase . yes , she is my child . 
cat nap #fb 
made deviled eggs . jealous ? you should be ! ;) 
i love you so hard . 
" even spg's all covered in snot ! " !LINK! 
got clearance cat toys , turbo tax and a blender at target . i know . the party madness never ends around here . 
thank you :) 
ooooh ... lookit all the feathers ! its snowing ! #crap 
february 27 !LINK! 
i will ! i have some paydays for you :-) 
it is not pumpkin time yet , people . 
i just pulled off their heads to facilitate hairstyles . had nothing to do with the hot monkey secks i was posing them into ;) 
i'd love to get my hair to do this : !LINK! 
happy birthday fellow leo , #danielradcliffe ! 
donuts for brekkie , sushi for dinner ; pretty much a perfect day . #anniversary #fb 
run into a lot of cranky leos today ? 
rtfm . 
kitten therapy and bacon cures much ! 
may 20 !LINK! 
i love ottov 2 but she runs like a little cow . 
ethiopian kids learn from tablets on their own . !LINK! 
moon pie in her current nest ( my down comforter ) . #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
harriet . harri-et . hard hearted harbinger of haggis . 
there's a 5:30 in the morning now ? 
i need to stop going to the closer , crappy grocery store ... they don't have shiner bock . 
!LINK! is now utterly unreadable . what newspaper site should i read instead ? #fb 
i still want to go to bhutan for ( himalayan ) walkies . 
20 minutes . i'm hungry , uncomfortable , thirsty , my legs hurt from 3 flights & you're not my choice of airline anymore . 
:/ feel better ! ! 
none of my sleepy tricks are working . i'm going to be up for a while . 
the sheets we had in the coleman popup camper when my g'parents used to take me camping when i was 6 . #unpacking 
“ : shark fin soap is available now ! #savesharks !LINK! !LINK! #fb ” 
the checkin process at mke has gotten to be spectacularly inefficient in the last several years . it is ridiculous . 
sorry the stores are empty now everyone . i'm sure they'll restock eventually . 
is today just shit for everyone or what ? 
i might be on an orange polka dot kick ... 
you're making me cry now ... 
i need to put in an order for a big rain storm : i have polar fleece and i need to do some moping . tia universe . 
... and " cyber " , please and thank you . 
got some surgical steel piercing studs for my ears and my skin is finally happy again . phew . 
happy ostara and blessed be , y'all ! 
yes , my orange flip flops that i have on match the orange down coat i'm wearing . 
i think it is time to sit on the back porch for a little while . 
people just lost their ever lovin ' minds today . its like they are all taking their crabby from being back to work out on the whole world . 
i'm watching all the good parts from my movies . its like having pbj sammiches with the crusts cut off and in dinosaur shapes . 
may 21 !LINK! 
mama left before she put a pumpkin on my porch . huh . 
husband dead of cancer , laid off of job , denied unemployment bennies ... still not done with 2012/2013 bullshit . #tired 
all these amazing pictures and you are complaining about his hair ? jebus , dude . 
... never a good idea to eat sushi from a 7-11 ;) 
saturday morning ... #fb 
this restaurant has shitty margaritas . 
had sushi & sashimi for dinner tonight . nom . dear salmon & tuna populations , i shall try not to eat all of you ( but its going to be tough . ) 
a mess so far . 
highland park ? this is not news . 
working on planning it actually . ( this trip was mostly presents in my carryon for grama ! ) 
hey dreamed i was at your house and you had a leak in your spare room . ( also that i was buying a bike , so clearly not premonition . ) 
the inside of this truck smells like wet dog . 
totes adorbs . new generation of shoes for me . 
everyone fears the parking at tj's . but the frozen aisle is scarier . 
i do that in the morning . i guess i do need to be comforted for not being asleep anymore ... 
vegas for my birthday this year . i've decided . 
a / c just kicked on ... i think today's base of operations might move from the kitchen to the bed . better go find my lap tray . 
qotd : " what the actual fuck is going on with missouri ? someone needs to check on missouri . " 
g : are you always this obnoxious ? me : yes g : ... good . 
was going to do laundry but i'm too irritated to deal with a laundry room on a hot day . #fb 
my condolences ! perhaps drinking heavily will erase the memories ;) 
give them hell . 
when you drink wine , get bored and have long hair ... this happens . 
yes , it is all about me . 
christopher , newly assembled adirondack chair and newcastle brown ale . #hipstamatic #wonder #w40 
ok , looks like my phone is dying . i want an unmodified android os . what should i get from tmo ? 
its an everclear day . ( the band , not the drink . ) 
yeah sfo sucks . followed closely on places to avoid by o'hell . 
march 16 !LINK! 
excellent . found an offline backup option for all my photos when i travel . i-flashdrive #fredletstravels #fb 
was going to go to the beach and take a bunch of pictures , but slept til 11:30 ... oops . 
shit . stymied by the ham container . 
i will ! 
apparently i can * fold * a fitted sheet , but i can't * put * a fitted sheet on a bed to save my life . #huh 
juliet the dice was loaded from the start . and i bet and you exploded into my heart . 
i think it is pizza night . and knitting . 
... and it is autoplay on load with volume at 11 . 
irritated . gah . 
look at lands end as well . they have good stuff and a sale going on i think . 
leo / sag rising / gemini moon : water problems . boiler died , then water to building off , then water off again from city services . 
i think tonight's dinner is going to be sweet potatoes and brussels sprouts . 
moon pie !LINK! 
this please . via . !LINK! 
oh no . puppy ? 
testing the new cell phone battery . haven't charged since last night and doing normal intarweb stuff . cross your collective fingers . 
flonase . 
yes ! 
happy holidays y'all . ( christamas is so fraught with peril . hope you are warm and happy with your loves . ) 
. : crossing golden gate our cooling mechanism back in business tomorrow ... relief's coming . !LINK! #fb 
thanks ... :) 
i would give anything if you were two people , so that i could call up the one who's my friend & tell her about the one that i like * so much * 
swype ? or graffiti ? 
petz mah belleh ! #itsatrap 
this just in : pacific ocean still too . damn . cold . 
i don't care . much like them demoting pluto , i protest . 
nom . love adam ant ! 
the soup , she is good ... even if she isn't done yet . 
oh jeebus . do you have nick wearing garters and breathing out of his eyelids like the lava lizards of the galapagos ? 
not actually umbrella lights but they are cute and solar ; so i improvised . #fb 
pondering a day trip to monterey to wander around in the cold and quiet . 
oh i'm picking out a thermos for you ! #earworm you're welcome . #fb 
vino 2go 10 ounce insulated wine tumbler with merlot red drink through lid , set of 2 !LINK! 
fax them to me , i'll enter them into the computer for you ... got a little time on my hands right now . 
i really hope this was you being hacked ... :-( 
it might be time to replace my espresso machine ... not for the espresso , but for the steamer . 
( tex was hallucinating and i was keeping him from ripping out his picc line , but still , that resident needs to be removed . ) 
i'm everybody's favorite . 
march 27 !LINK! 
to be clear : i used this one !LINK! , i can't even get to the settings menu anymore ... 
january 20 !LINK! 
may 31 !LINK! 
i am weak . 
" look ! eagles ! " " pigeons . " #continentaldivide 
everyone keeps talking about cake . now i want cake . 
that's totally where i keep my spare change ... 
oy . can we neuter him now ? 
i want a cheeseburger . 
do they make a straw big enough for a 2l bottle ? #dietsunkistjunky 
sparkling up my ukulele with snow globe nail polish :) 
i've spent more time fixing this damn hat than knitting on it . once i find another skein of yarn i like i might switch to a different hat . 
i'm ready to crawl under the covers and hide for a while please . no ? oh fine . 
he'd have to start talking about databases for me to leap ... 
<homersimpsondance> i am evil fredlet ! i am evil fredlet ! </homersimpsondance> 
i may have a drinking problem in that i cannot find where i set down my little jelly jat of shiraz . 
y'all have 42 more minutes of me being furious to deal with . really screwed up on this one i'm hungry and squished . #miserable 
dear special snowflakes of the world : you're still a crappy driver . use your signal . 
i can talk in front of 5000 people with no issue , but cry and ( quietly ) freak out at the dentist . go figure . 
things i never thought i'd have to say #417 : oh otto , don't lick the buddha . #fb 
resisting the siren's song of diet sunkist . 
heat and the lost weeken ... er ... week . !LINK! 
new year . new bunny slippers . #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
feeling more than a little fucked up today . 
oh . food . 
my bed is very tall now . 
home for 5 minutes , the fetch game has started again . 
april 20 !LINK! 
mucking about in montevideo !LINK! 
have you kissed your honey today ? do it now . 
half-assed chili cheese dogs ftw ! 
hit me with your pet shark ! #buzzfeedwin 
margarita ... natch . #fb 
april 9 !LINK! 
that's beautiful ! ! ! 
chuys is the best ! 
i'm not sure i can handle today with much grace . please ignore me . 
really monday ? a grey hair ? really ? 
i would've been up at a reasonable hour if dst hadn't made me look like a slacker . not much of a savings imo . 
( and by instant soup i mean it is magically soup after we pillage the chicken : stock , veggies , meat ... all done already ! ) 
i miss cooking for . he always knew the perfect ratio of kiss-ass to reality to make me feel like a good cook even if i was mediocre 
getting training materials done with ! !LINK! #sounds4work 
full moon and the start of a 3 day weekend where my plans have fallen through in a most spectacular way ? i'll be under the bed thanks . 
want : maximatic ebk - 200 elite 3 - in - 1 multifunction b'fast toaster oven / griddle / coffee !LINK! #fb 
bacchus angel . 
10 minutes ago no one ever said i needed to schedule a separate delivery . i dont even have a phone number to call . 
marimo ... haven't named them yet . what should i name them ? there are 2 tiny ones and one big one . 
shit happens to everyone , the trick is to appreciate the good stuff for what it is no matter who you are . 
and it is totally worth it . you'll do a great job ! 
intarwebs is making me cranky tonight . am turning off the tubes for a while ... 
february 22 !LINK! 
oh easily fixed : put schro in the box . 
reseasoning one of my cast iron skillets . poor thing has been neglected in all the moving nonsense . #fb 
well the stanley cup winners don't have teeth anyway ... 
they don't have one you can borrow ? 
with 6 boys , i'd also invest in bulk febreeze as well . 
unpacking from last weekend and just pulled out * those * shoes . not at all certain that was me walking in them ... 
gauging how lazy i am : good fried rice from the place that doesn't deliver or meh fried rice from the place that does ... 
february 13 !LINK! 
little vignettes emerge . #progress #fb 
our time is so short , forgetting is so long . !LINK! 
what does she look like ? thin . pretty . big tits . your basic nightmare . 
i can see the floor . i'll call that a success . 
today seems like a very good candidate for escapism . 
dear hosting provider , want me to update my wordpress install ? then you need to update your php version and stop being so pissy at me . 
pants ? 
i ate the middle out of the brownies . 
resisting the urge to buy camping equipment . perhaps i'll just roast marshmallows on the back porch tonight instead . 
please note : i clearly lack any coordination skills to accomplish tasks today . thank you for your patience . 
oh monday , you were doing so well until you went straight into the crapper . 
ow . 
finished a bustelo , then a lavazza . just wish the carte noire would be back in stock . each are orders of magnitudes better than the other . 
where ottov 2 sits in the living room . 
* beep * * beep * * boop * * skreee * 
hooray ! i'm not sweating ! lol #fredletstravels 
had crazy cayenne pepper dreams last night . whew . my brain is pretty whacked out . 
bought nail polish . i blame . #oneofus 
therapy dog visited tex last year !LINK! 
love that will not betray you , dismay or enslave you , it will set you free be more like the man you were made to be . 
may 12 !LINK! 
the laundry room can be described as another ring of hell today . #ishot #fb 
no patty-fingers , if you please . 
and you can do it from your phone if you are on a train or something . handy that . 
allergies are bad for me now ( mostly haven't had issues since giving up wheat ) but am waking myself snorking at night . nice . also , tired . 
operation clean out the damn fridge has started . sorry in advance for the smell . 
love me . love my cooking . i'm just sayin ' ... 
12/26 / 12 !LINK! 
some people call it sleeping all day , i'll just call it not shopping . 
wow . no one has any fucks to give today . at . all . 
puppycat just bit my toes . 
ipad ? 
i'd like a " frozen " filter for teh intarwebz please . #fb 
ok wednesday , don't kill anyone off . monday and tuesday are assholes . #fb 
hello , hire me . am awesome and stuff . love , fredlet . #job #projectmanager #geek #pitabutusuallyworthit 
oh give me a home where the buffalo roam ... oh wait , i have 2 stampeding buffalo already . nevermind . 
may 24 !LINK! 

again ? 
yeah it's been an utter mess lately ... 
i don't blink . leo : continue to stand your ground with a financial matter . be firm and the other side blinks on the 20th . 
we could be the wrath triplets . 
hubris smited : found another pile of books to put away . #fb 
me , too :( stupid barnes & noble closing it up . 
i missed being nocturnal . cello suites in the dark and cats in my lap . good . 
right , who's handy with building things ? i want to build this : !LINK! ( or win lotto and buy it . ) 
ottov 2 makes the most of the space available . #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
mine is usually the other way around " i can't find the thing . i put it somewhere safe , though ... " 
michael ( j ) fox . from mike . #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
bite your tongue . 
i've entered to adopt a yeti solar generator - i think the cats will like a pet yeti . enter here !LINK! 
i also like that when we both sleep on the pillow , it magnifies moon pie's purr in my ear . 
managed to get to the kitchen and make a sammich . i sure do know a lot of bad words . 
no , honey . we love you no matter what . 
bday wishlist : this on a few acres please . !LINK! #thirtyfourteen 
trying to read ' s customer service email letter makes my brain hurt . so many grammatical errors and so unreadable . 
generally , mobile interfaces lag significantly in quality for anything other than casual browsing . 
dear medical community , the ca19 - 9 test should be a regular test for all humans . losing to #cancer is bullshit ; i don't accept this anymore . 
sure ;) i'll go track down my info for you 
i just push everything out of my way ... into the aisles or in front of the dressing rooms if need be . yes , i'm * that * shopper . 
city of san jose get your workers to clean up their mess . debris on 10 pkng spaces including a handicap spot is pathetic . weeks now ! ' 
home again , home again . 
taco cabana day-cor . #fb #texaseatingtour #hipstamatic #chunky #blackeysbw 
i don't think today is a day that i can be classified as a responsible adult . i'm probably ok with that , too . #messykitchenwhateverdude 
march 10 !LINK! 
moon pie is content with my nap schedule !LINK! 
one hopes this is a flower budding and not audrey ii on my baby toe plant . #fb 
happy anniversary ! ! love you two ! 
trader joe's run : 17 minutes . a new record . ( yes the stereo was up to 11 . ) 
better than dumb asses . 
i really dig this wine . is yummy ! 
i love that i get to have for my birthday every year ! i'm a long time and deep blue fan ! #fb #greatwhiteshark 
got my tieks . holy crap on a cracker are they comfy ! now just need the orange stripey to be back in my size . 
they just need a little grieving time , then i shall remind them that i am an uber geek as well . 
hey i hate having to park a half mile from my own house . you are destroying our streets . 
when's your next sale ? my order from y'all got stolen so i'm out $ $ but i still need the business case :-\ 
i saw something nasty in the woodshed . 
i'm covered in bees ! oh no wait ... it's just leftover chocolate cake . stand down all . 
i need these in white . !LINK! 
i really fekkin ' hate this place . 
and breathe . just breathe . there's a light at each end of this tunnel you shout , cause you're just as far in as you'll ever be out . 
ottov 2 looks at me very strangely when i sing . maybe i should have named her lorne . 
* waves from south bay * :) 
b-a-l-a-n-c-e baaalllaaannnccce . 
pretacon antics . #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
moon pie !LINK! 
cheese nips are icky . 
ankle-y update : still slow , no twisting ( i regret it ) , but improving . but i need supplies , so i'll be braving the store today . 
i need them to make this so that it isn't an import : !LINK! 
there's an avocado seed on my kitchen floor . 
i have the cat version of that . 
i live alone . so clearly elves must come in , wear my clothes and then put them in the hamper for me to have this much laundry to do . 
ooops ... yes , i am in a cleaning binge mode ... !LINK! 
do it . just give it all to charity instead . 
are you from dekalb county , tennessee ? looks like i'm related to a goodly portion of y'all ... #genealogy 
lol 
scanning old photos . fair warning . 
i will probably regret this spicy breakfast burrito ... 
ok , who moved the vegetable peeler ? 
its only university challenge , rik ! 
turned off tex's twitter account , submitted a memorial request for his fb account . sigh . someday it will be over . 
kittehs sharing the bean 
hey ! we're tribe ! 
discussion with a recent addict to candy crush saga : " have you started dreaming about the chocolate yet ? " " oh that fucking chocolate ! " 
if you can just get them to honor the haul away i paid for i have alternate installation now . thanks . 
the aforementioned sparklies 
my ears got blocked up today and i was completely dizzy . unpleasant . 
annie lennox recorded ' something so right ' ( paul simon 72 ) ? i love that song but how random is that ? 
february 16 !LINK! 
i'm totally parked next to someone's mid-life crisis ;) #fb 
he might be doing it to irk you ;) 
i'd better do my taxes tonight or my grandmother will kick my arse . 
#fuckcancer rt : not enough pictures because jeff was always the one w / camera . here are a few recent ones > !LINK! 
xmoose shopping underway ... 
the lyrics are resonating ... oh we're in the sensitive portion of the evening . !LINK! 
january 14 !LINK! 
fuzzy grey joyous kittens are called max . 
kitten behavior !LINK! 
as you wish . 
thank you ! ! <3 
breakfast burrito ftw . 
maker faire i am in you . 
congrats ! ! ! it's in the air it seems , so are bradd and i ( at weetacon ) but we're still telling family too ;) 
i am unarmed in the midst of a nerf war ... 
march 20 !LINK! 
oh hello rain . ( perhaps i shall run my errands tomorrow . ) 
job hunting ; and because i've done software stuff at two banks i'm getting all sorts of teller and loan officer offers . sigh . no . #techpm 
dear self , no you don't need another crock pot . 
saturday evening full of garlicky , melty cheese things . nom . 
i figured out how to build my tiny house . !LINK! 
$ 5 rit dye . am a little frustrated , says it is required to get a signature . 
dammit . jess has the comforter that i want . #newgirl 
ankle-y update : no walls needed for walking , still very slow and careful . also still a bit swollen . coffee slave needed , thanks . 
yes please ! 
states i ’ ve visited … !LINK! 
i'm craving lobster bisque from pappadeaux . 
hey safeway , where the hell is my shiner bock ? 
got my #nightflight travel duffle yesterday from ; it's all i can do not to just jump on a plane a roam somewhere for a while ;) 
agador spartacus ? 
may 22 !LINK! 
“ : only packing the essentials !LINK! #fb ” 
i'll buy 2 copies if you make android and ios versions :-) 
don't think i'm going to get much sleep tonight . might get a lot of cleaning done as a distraction though . 
i've been told by everyone and everything to be patient . easier said than done . 
i'm just trying to remind myself that i'm not the only one who does it ... 
blergh . headache . 
april 29 !LINK! 
sugar alcohols all do that . beware " sugar free " candy as well . 
she's a texas woman . she is kicking asses and taking names . 
i'm about typo open the shiraz . if you want my sparkling presence you'll have to drive over here tonight ... i is a lightweight . 
gonna have to check a bag for one of my costume props . hmmmph . #weetacon2014 
" at that moment i knew . the way you know about a good melon . " 
peri-mercury retrograde . yay . #mercuryinvirgo 
a month ... sigh . !LINK! 
seriously , where are you in all this ? are you too busy fighting other people's wars to pay attention to your own country ? 
barista here is practicing the guitar . i want to put him in my pocket and take him home with me . 
february 24 !LINK! 
yeah . no kidding . 
besotted with a cast iron skillet ... i must be hormonal . 
melinda * is * pretty . #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
happy birthday ! ! ! 
no chocolate . mozzarella and balsamic is pretty good though . 
most excellent . screw everything else . 
" beauty tips for girls " seriously ? i guess focusing on their minds was a lost cause ? !LINK! cc : 
“ : it's a kitten purrito !LINK! #fb ” 
gonna need to spray my clothes with anti-insect crud tomorrow-can only take 3oz of liquid on the plane . mosquitoes love me . #fb 
this isn't new . haven't you seen that documentary : sharknado ? ;) 
may 26 !LINK! 
yay ! i got the brussels sprouts right ! also zatarain's is sooo good on them #nownekocaseonplaylist 
agador spartacus . 
got my free organic herb pot today ! they'll be opening in san carlos soon ! 
uh-oh . a whole episode of bear eating gross things . better open another bottle . 
achievement unlocked : opened pillsbury crescent roll tube without shrieking in terror . #nojudging 
good thing i got to my car when i did . patience evaporated in a puff of sarcastic black smoke . 
i avoid using on my iphone anymore . don't like the new formatting-i'll grab my ipad instead or just not use it if nothing else :( 
may !LINK! 
no kidding . got laid off in feb . ( after my 3/23 hubby died in dec . ) i'm ready for a little goodness . 
maybe i should find a kink site that has those guys who like to clean your house for you whilst you lounge about in heels drinking a martini 
let me check my busy schedule ;) 
but i am the kid that taped the flashlight to the playground ball . #newgirl #ralphwiggumismyinnerchild #imnotdrunk 
of course i have wifi . have you not met me ? 
and you : friendless , brainless , helpless , hopeless ! do you want me to send you back to where you were ? unemployed , in greenland ? 
dear seagulls , stop pooping on my car or i will eat you . 
hard to type and use wacom tablet like this . should i get this growth looked at ? 
the signature blend spice at a common chain restaurant near me reminds me of b . o . hmmm . 
ooops missed big bang theory cause i was talking on the phone . well aren't i just chatty cathy lately ? 
w00t ! my french and art degrees vindicated ! 
its been warmer lately . i will bring them if it gets too cold . 
moon pie gets pretty pissed when i go into the kitchen and don't make a turkey sammich . 
the ups store's passport didn't meet govt specs . this passport card process has been an epic cluster . #irritated #fb 
he's just jealous he can't wear heels to the office himself . let your freak flag fly , jorge darlin ' ... 
holy crap . i just heard mumford & sons singing the boxer ... i whimpered . 
cute little banana bread house . #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
helooo weekend . 
i never did understand the salad with fries thing ... i liked it , but never understood . 
do you need me ? 
hello , i am very tired . 
simpler !LINK! 
uninterested in cleaning today . blerg . 
win . my food hoarding tendencies have saved me with a frozen quiche . 
tired of filling out forms . 
lol meth lab !LINK! 
donated a big bag full of warm coats from my closet to a local shelter last week . still is making me happy i did so . :) 
i just used #shazam to discover mama by exo-k . !LINK! 
oh hell to the no ... 
sloppy pouring on my coffee this morning . i may not be on my game today . 
yes 
made some pretty evil cornbread to go with the chicken soup . mmmm ... evil . #cayennepepperbaby 
" i'm extremely sorry to know that the item which you ordered hasn't arrived till yet as the estimated delivery date was tuesday " 
february 26 !LINK! 
hallo meatloaf ! #barnyardsampler #fb 
oh i wish ! my sexy aquarius is on ops duty this weekend lol 
i seem to be having a really hard time dealing with * anyone * being affected with cancer right now . some days are just harder than others . 
wearing fox footy jammies . is helping . #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
moon pie doesn't so much scratch her scratching post as she gnaws on it 
checking and double checking . ( going to panama next week with mama . ) #aeronaut3 
oh i'm so , so sorry honey ... :( 
glitter : the herpes of the craft world . 
i'm craving banana pudding and nilla wafers . anypne have any to deliver to me ? #fb 
oh how your useless tubs with no available lids doth vex me ... 
sparkly fingers are sore . 
i feel like such a whiner today . 
moar for me . ( i like the lightness of them . ) 
i love the word bewildering . 
off to casco viejo ... hope it isn't blocked off today by the big wig summit again ! #fredletstravels #fb 
eating cookies . nom . 
oh i miss onions . i don't miss surprise onions in my food that brutalize me in the night though . #sleepy #ambetterthoughnow 
tiny musings and whatnot !LINK! 
i tend toward underscore and camel case . am i a dinosaur ? ( if so , can i be a triceratops ? ) 
hey you need to clean out the vacuum . 
i've run out of television . 
qotd : i don't believe in soul mates but you do a good impression of one ... 
alas no . leaving the day after tday to spread mikey's ashes in hawaii for his 1 year . 
making chicken stock from chicken carcass and eating leftover toasty veg . pondering late night garden rearrange . 
oh my . squishy baby puppy . want . 
i found one like that last week ... its retro ! 
i was going to say exactly that :) 
moon pie !LINK! 
nope . not tired enough to keep the brain from going to the bad places . time to more stuff . 
like the time i told a resident that they wasted tuition ; should become a french fry slinger because they were a fucking moron 
orange and blue . #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
i am why i can't have nice shins . #clumsy 
the cd is only 5.19 and you get it auto ripped from amazon , too . 
i got an underwater suite in the maldives ! ! which dream home should you actually live in ? !LINK! via 
wine : applied . french : fluent . 
just read and talk with other people . i don't think college is necessarily the answer . :) ( not that college is a bad idea . ) 
hey , take these giant marshmallows away from me when you come over . 
also kittens running around like crazy ... 
caffeine is good for you . just not after noon . ;) #notadoctorbutiplayoneontv 
no . wasn't given anything . no phone numbers , no information . how can i arrange for that ? 
hey nifty . got laid off this morning . anyone need a geek ? i'm available . 
caffeine delivers them faster to bloodstream . 
at the beach ... !LINK! 
... and thought i found true love , you met another and thhhbbbtt you were gone ... 
oh yes please ! ! 
huzzah ! tarzhay has tervis tumblers ! ( not the fox mug i wanted but i did get a larger orange mug . ) 
april 4 !LINK! 
its weird when a song that i bought on itunes doesn't have the same skip as my beaten to death cd from the 80 ' s . 
yep , i was called bossy . and a smarty pants . now i'm a project manager . 
brazos river bridge !LINK! 
yeah , i maintain i need a " bring me morning coffee " slave . 
enter for a chance to win a $ 200 gift card + 6 months of essentials . #tieksxhonest !LINK! 
january 4 !LINK! 
i actually don't have that problem with the babies ( so far-cross my fingers-knock wood ) . 
crowd sourcing : who do y'all recommend for rolling over my 401k to an ira ? #fb 
watching fake " last week of terminal cancer " on dexter . i'm ridiculously glad they are getting it wrong . #fuckcancer 
also , pie crust making is like playdo : i like eating it , not making it . ( yes , i was * that * kid . ) #ralphwiggumismyinnerchild 
missing an old friend . happy birthday , alex . the world lost a lot when it lost you . 
ignore it for now . appeal it . just keep moving and appeal more as well . it will be ok . 
pizza : ordered . tbbt reruns : queued . knitting : needing to be done . i shall call this " thu before xmoose " ... 
grilled cheese sammich , leftover meteor cookies and coffee for breakfast #thirtyfourteen 
still enjoying my " vacation " ; pondering planting tomatoes tomorrow . 
siamese are very clever and pragmatic that way ... #iadoresiamesecats 
payback is a bear ... ;) 
yep . smells like west texas . 
i love kittens , but i forgot what total morons they are ... 
i'd cabbage patch in this getup ... if i knew how to cabbage patch . 
spring flowers for ostara ! 
mama doing pre-flight . #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
rampant allergies this morning . am sexxxaaayy .. , 
i wholeheartedly endorse your decision . 
schmidt just slays me . i want to beat him with a shovel , but i laugh like a hyena at him . #newgirl 
eating a giant marshmallow . 
ally mcbeal kissing batman . huh . 
:( thanks 
a year ago , we were emerging from 5 of the worst days i've ever experienced . and i survived , but it was difficult . 
raisin bread is my kryptonite . 
oh honey , are you in purgatory ? 
" why did you email me at 3 in the morning ? " " because i am a nocturnal beast . " 
poking at bruises . 
march 3 !LINK! 
i know . getting sleepy at 2am . what a wuss , but i didn't have my naps today . 
i am an instigator . but i bring you gatorade . 
doesn't she allegedly have a special needs child ? 
the indiana proposal prolly wasn't hard to write . all they did was cross out all the n words and write in " gay " instead . #boycottindiana 
not even a factory reset :( ( tried restarting boot loader 1st , then wiping via the menu no joy . ) 
that was one stop ... it was a two grandmother trip :-) 
violent femmes - do you really want to hurt me !LINK! 
that was one of my favs #slyfoxdesign 
i want brownies and a tequila sunrise . ( i might need a brownie slave , too . ) 
seriously at & t , he's dead , stop trying to sell me an upgrade to his phone … unless you have signal so that i can talk to him ; i'll upgrade . 
? ? ? rt : fox ’ s brian kilmeade : why aren ’ t we ‘ clearing the waters ’ of sharks so ocean swimming is safe ? !LINK! #fb 
february 21 !LINK! 
yo quiero taco bell . 
i need someone to edit out all the liam neeson bits of love actually . 2 obvious reasons i cannot watch it now , but i miss the other stuff . 
ankle-y update : right foot just tender , still doesn't like stretching . left foot bruised and tender to walk on . moving around a lot more now . 
i felt horribly betrayed when i realized that split enz was being played instrumentally on muzak . 
february 2 !LINK! 
message from my former employer seems to be : we don't care your husband is dead , you're fired and we're screwing your valentine's day , too . 
what a fucker . 
a hummingbird just buzzed the nasturtiums on my front porch :) #happymaking #fb 
april 16 !LINK! 
omg . sweet potato tots ? want . now . 
i can go get it for you ... 
ain't nobody got time for that ... 
!LINK! 
moon pie basking in the unburied couch . #unpacking #fb #hipstamatic #helgaviking #w40 
hee ... i was kind of thinking the same thing ;-) 
i'm in shorts and a tshirt . come here . 
anytime someone says something is a delicacy , just know eating it started off as a dare from early jerks . 
i'm going to put a note in with all my knitted stuff " dont mock my knitting . " 
dear world , you are safe from my coffee wrath tomorrow . love , me . 
ditto ... :( 
rest : check . elevation : check . ice and compression when i can hobble again . #avulsionroll #worstsushirollnameever 
try almond meal instead , .. 
knitting . kittens . cocoa with cayenne . win . 
imma make this house my bitch now . #unpacking #movingsucks 
i have no chocolate . curse my sticking to the " no more chocolate in the house " rule . 
should have gone to the store this morning . but i didn't . i'll take my chances tomorrow morning . i live on the edge , baby . #fb 
brain is tired but the thought of going to bed has it reacting like a 2year old resisting a nap . letting it win & sleeping on the daybed . 
offset folder ! 
nonesuch !LINK! 
there's lots of apps to do this . let me know if you do it ! i'd love to see ! 
interesting that he chose whore as his epithet and he thought that'd shame . loser . hypocrite . i'm glad you are away from him . 
to ebay seller : your shipping had * better be free * if you are going to include a half pound of religious propaganda in my purchase . #fb 
hey brain . whatcha doin ' ? don't go there , honey . 
am v . tired , but napping would involve being horizontal and that means no oxygen ... contraindicated . 
window open . cold room . down comforter . happy . #blessedbeyall #equinox 
take the drugs . rest . you are fighting yourself and doing more harm . 
ooooh ! 
i got your layer cake right here . 
" cancer is cruel . cancer is heartbreaking . cancer has robbed the world of a good person . " knittyblog - !LINK! #fuckcancer 
also lightweight is nice , but if the backpack fits well , the extra weight is worth it . #16inchtorsoshorty 
( no kidding . ) 
you have just informed me that i am old via this tweet . #getoffmylawn 
:) poop indeed . 
i still maintain that elliot cowan is the best darcy . 
all will wait . snuggle cal . 
are car mustaches a thing now ? 
is it just a further clarification like saying " i'm choctaw " , when we are all just humans anyway ? 
i should probably think about dinner sometime . ok done thinking about it . 
they do it ;) 
march 1 !LINK! 
is there an agency that provides those services offsite ? like they do for pa's ? 
adorable kittens . !LINK! 
ottov 2 discovered that i turned on the cat warming pad on top of the dryer ; she is very happy . 
july 2 !LINK! 
why are you in oakland , ca ? 
put in seat covers , floor mats , humphrey the squirrel in the cup holder ( for tex ) . now to burn an mp3 cd & find an organizer that i like . 
too many carbs lately . my system is going to make me pay for this . 
i find it isn't males necessarily ; its everyone else in the friggin ' company . 
may 1 !LINK! 
public storage is my gym membership . 7 trips from car to unit hand carrying heavy crap because there's never any gd carts . 
coffee . cats . cello suites . cnitting . #sunday . 
so now i get to get passport pics taken again after moving heavy boxes . i supposes it will be more realistic looking frazzled and cranky . 
my boobs did most of the actual work . ;) 
misc solar mason jar fabulousness ... #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
packing . #weetacon2014 
i can ignore things and not forget them . when i forget them and have to remember then things get dicey . #hesgone 
they need to put vending machines in airports for evening / early morning travelers . they roll up the freaking sidewalks pretty early . 
duh . !LINK! 
i want all these lamps , please and thank you . 
how to win friends and influence people : " i have a / c . " 
february 20 !LINK! 
january 6 !LINK! 
two judges ruling in my favor and still edd ignores me an doesn't give me my money . #cobraisfortherich #alreadycantaffordrent 
sjc is really ridiculous . it's like they don't expect anyone to actually show up here to take an airplane to somewhere & are startled . #tsa 
i clearly have lost any semblance of pancake mojo . 
want . all . now . 
january 27 !LINK! 
you could name the boy " hh " ... after g ( i ) g ( i ) . 
april 19 !LINK! 
:) 
the endangered chrome rhino in the wilds ( of target ) . 
i'm on a break . 
i may not be handling today well . 
has anyone done the performance vr app on an iphone from ' s spook country yet ? we have all the tech now . 
slept ( in a bed ) til i woke up 2 nights in a row without moving stuff til 3 am . luxury . #movingsucks #fb 
meh . dreamed about painting craig ferguson's nails pink . 
nope . walking is completely out of the question . 
oh hey mood ... whatcha doin ' ? ( perhaps should eat today . ) 
happy birthday , tex ... !LINK! 
i'd have to buy 2 t's ; one for each boob . asians and most europeans are small ! 
might be time for nap # 3 
dreamed was still around , which confused me . was nice seeing him even though in my dream i got a ticket for driving w / o a seatbelt 
no wi-fi on this flight . poop . i'm awake for once , too .  . 0 for 2 today swa . good grief . #stymied 
like when they automatically assume i'm diabetic ? i will cut a bitch . 
ottov 2 peed on mine . what is up with sofas ? ( also my condolences on all the other crap :( . ) 
girls with long hair have prehensile knees , baby . 
. i have a giant box of dishwasher in my living rm . i paid for install & takeway ... what the hell ? this process is terrible . #fb 
i seem to have hit my limit for 50 ' s / 60 ' s music just shy of my 46th bday . no mas . 
i seem to be full of the derp today . sigh . 
at double secret karaoke joint . ( i could tell you where it is but then i'd have to kill you . :P ) 
you can move to northern california ... it is part of the boot camp fro weather out here . 
" i am the 10 % " .. ? ;) 
welcome to twitter ! we're glad you are here ! ( but step away from the selfie stick ;) your arms do quite well on their own . ) 
lord , what fools the mortals be . ( stanley tucci frolicking as puck . yum . ) 
twerking ? ;) 
( the first thing i'll probably make with the new espresso maker is carmel apple cider :-) ... no , it isn't the same as carmel apple spice . ) 
running out for gruesome food . 
unfortunately motrin makes me ill :-( 
also biz class was less than friendly . wifi is per segment and filtered heavily . will you please hurry and expand ? 
why is my car sticky and what of that crap is in my lungs now ? 
hollywood please don't ever get end stage cancer patients to look like they actually look . there's no way i could ever watch anything again . 
been wearing these jammies ( as clothing ) for the last 5 days . i may never wear anything else .. unless it is orange . !LINK! 
march 25 !LINK! 
the misogyny in the world is horrifying . this is 2015 people . women are humans , too . 
oh my . i haz all the feels today . 
my ankles are protesting today . 
good grief . tired . 
meh . all the cool kids are going to sleep on the plane . 
frustration and anxiety for edd runaround approaches the level of dealing with death stuff for tex . no wonder i can't eat anything w / o pain . 
i will ... if i ever lose my mind enough to take my insanity children on a plane . 
dunno . will look in a bit :-) 
dear dishwasher , i heart you . 
happy anniversary mom & bud !LINK! 
must be winter ; i'm making beef stew . also i want a vegetable sprayer on the sink please . #fb 
book suggestions please . my brain is going places that i don't like . 
because wine . 
ok it is june now ... nobody die , or do horrible things or other unpleasant crap . i need a damn break . 
allylleybooboo is a pisces : they are satan's lapdogs . 
february started off pretty well !LINK! 
its only university challenge , rik ! 
ottov 2 has the most amazing pinky nose … !LINK! 
kidneys ? 
and another thing done . 
headache at bay , which is good because 3 days of semi-coma is tedious and interfered with my to do list . 
worked in the living room yesterday . progress , but needs a garage foray . i'll work on the bedroom today ; there's a chance it will get done . 
january 13 !LINK! 
i keep putting on more layers of sparkly nail polish . my hands look like weensy disco balls . 
better than a bag of feral pigs ... 
make a spray bottle of lavender water and label it " monster spray " ; present to kid for getting rid of monsters . 
moon pie is in this jumble somewhere . #fb 
the table for 5 who arrived and ordered 15 minutes after us already have their steaks . we still don't . 
i need to learn that on uke ... moar lyrics pleaz . 
yes will warranty patch tires for free if you can stand the 3 hour wait to get it done . is better . 
so very ready for this dock to be released ... !LINK! #nexus7 
jane is very brave to own white pants . ( they'd never stay white if i wore them ... more tie dyed with food / etc after 1 day ) 
i so very need tribe time . 
flu this season is a total bear . i'm on day 5 of sleeping 20 hours a day . no more fever thankfully . if you get this stay home . #fb 
i seem to be outside . weird . 
ooops , sorry . i ate it while i was sitting with the sheep . 
i must have recovered from my most recent travel binge because i'm mentally packing again ... #fredletstravels #fb 
one hopes that folks will behave themselves today so that one will not have to expose one's foul , foul mood . 
i can't choose just one ... !LINK! 
nail polish mules ? 
if you make it 8 little strands it could be octopussy ... 
thursday ... not so much . and now friday ! !LINK! 
ottov 2 , #aeronaut30 and #daylightbackpack 
tj's belgian chocolate ftw ! ( also yay , headache is gone . ) 
the psychics already knew how to get there :-) 
quick trip this weekend officiating a derby tournament . time to reset the #aeronaut30 to its " ready to go " status . love this bag . 
sheldon explained it on big bang theory when howard got the mars rover stuck . 
( also maybe time to put together a banff survival kit for next time ! ) 
new fucking dishwasher : doesn't work well from box . i want my install fee back . 
ottov 2 also freaks out when i sing . they are insane . 
strangest coloring book i've ever had ... 
eating smoked oysters . the kittens are circling . 
cycle of abuse . 
february 23 !LINK! 
i'm not certain how i managed to stub my toe while sitting in a chair , not walking around ... but i'm special like that . 
... waiting time ? oh you mean knitting time ? ;) 
if that dentist who killed cecil the lion didn't have a family i'd say give him to zimbabwe . at least revoke his passport to start . 
moon pie has a new nickname " the puppycat " . suits her since her previous incarnation was " the bunnycat " . 
i gave her my heart , she gave me a pen . #sayanything 
just remembered last night's dream : someone was calling for help so i rushed out in my robe w / my hockey stick and a bunch of celery to help . 
may 25 !LINK! 
in the mood for packing . 
today's actual to do list varies from the one i wrote earlier : 1 . move 2 . sweat 3 . stand in front of fan . repeat . #fb 
thanks - i pay for overnight on a gift for a trip and it's been 4 days on a prime item . you and both let my mother down . 
ugh . isn't displaying tonight . how am i supposed to kill time while my hearts reload ? #firstworldproblems 
rob corddry is full of yes . 
not certain what prompted me to do the dishes before 9 am and coffee this morning . i must be a pod person . i won't let this happen again . 
i got two buck chuck . 
january 9 !LINK! 
from the day we are born until the day we die , we are hostage to our heart's desires . #thethe 
what size shoe do you wear ? 
i was conceived in the dorms at texas tech ... #imjustsayin 
my reptile brain is in charge today . my apologies in advance for its agenda . 
march 18 !LINK! 
don't forget a blanky ! the icu gets cold ! 
hello , world ! !LINK! 
clancy brown wielding a broadsword . oh my . 
did you wear that new sweater ? i'm just sayin ' ... 
seriously . where my bacon ? 
my husband worked for sears and he would be raising hell if he saw how they were treating his widow . 
dreamed about kittens and serial killers ( who weren't serial killers ) last night . hmmm . too much dexter perhaps ? 
like lulu's new hat ? #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
that's not low ... i went a lot higher . 
gonna try walking in a few . this might be looked upon as a bad idea in a few minutes ... i'll carry my phone with me . 
are they auditioning ? the seagulls got parts ! 
#askingforafriend #uhhuhsureyouare 
optimus prime seems to have claspers . 
today has not started well . one hope it improves . 
so very attractive today . * cough * * hack * * wheeze * am awesome . 
nooo ! stay ! 
i just lent to a borrower in peru . join me on today and make a difference in their life , too ! !LINK! 
( i played santa and bought myself 2 nordicware baking pans . ) 
i have non-hardcore sorels : !LINK! 
today is turning into " day of putting things away . " #fb 
my house is messy . where are my elves ? i may start whining soon . are you happy you can't hear me ? #sparklyunicornpoop 
12/13 / 14 :) 
i'm in love with schmidt's douchebag jar . there need to be more of those . #newgirl 
pleased about my slow watering system ( g2 bottle with a hole poked in the bottom w / a corn holder ) . only refill 1x a week in this drought . 
dear self , stop eating flour . your allergies don't care if you are on vacation or not . 
no i'm not advocating crazy . but don't waste . it can be used to water the lawn , flowers etc . 
i know . jeebus . 
am i the only person who can't stand the song " walking on sunshine " ? 
hooo doggies . am unfit for human company right now . headache . stinky . tired . #attractiveno ? 
well , actually not a bad day . i shall leave it at that and try not to jinx it . 
... and hooo doggies , don't i sound cranky today . i'm not actually . got sleep , mp & ov2 are v . sweet , coffee good . hi friday ! how you doin ' ? 
i lost another 2 pounds and moon pie weighs 9.6 pounds . 
i really like this ipad cover ... !LINK! 
i don't think i'm awake enough to deal with the folks on this plane . 
i just entered to win 1 of 15 blue prints boxes from , valued at over $ 1500 ! enter to win here : ... !LINK! 
insanity on the roads today . just fekkin ' batshit . 
ottov 2 is snoring in my suitcase . 
i'm so , so happy things are progressing for you and your hubby ! i'm sending every bit of energy i have to you . 
chick next to me is 1 upping a wine bra : a camelbak full of vodka . " see ? i got ideas . " #wow 
hung up my photos today ( finally ) . #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
. rt : happy #sharknado ! oh hell no .. pugnado ! !LINK! #fb 
i feel certain that today will be sponsored by caffeine and the letter e . 
march 8 !LINK! 
moon pie likes my pillow . if my face is in the way when she sleeps on it , well that's just too bad , innit ? 
must be on a flight to sjc , dude has a google glass on . 
watching " continental divide " . dear lord ; the size of the computer terminals . and paste up for newspapers . criminy . #iusedamacplusincollege 
. ordered sunday , prime item + extra $ for overnight . still not there today , my mother is already gone her flight . waste of $ . 
february 18 !LINK! 
this , too please ... shark backpack via !LINK! 
so very tired of mysms " message could not be sent " . giving up on them now . they should just be a chat app because the sms part doesn't work . 
people who think knowledge is annoying are annoying . 
humidity : 91 % oy . 
oh hey and please make a toy story alien charm . thanks ! 
handwriting is out of control today . also am packed for a fun adventure the universe wants to send me traveling to ... 
february 12 !LINK! 
avulsion roll . again . achy ... 
shaggiest dog in the werstern spiral galaxy . with aliens and shit . and he's really , really shaggy . #raygun 
thirty-fourteen !LINK! 
well hell , what am i supposed to do with all my stripper money ? 
ok then . i guess the first part of my wild friday night is that 3 hour nap . * blink . yawn . * carry on with your bad selves . 
they can start stocking for the nerds again . but you have to be able to pay the rent somehow . 
all i do is miss you & the way we used to be . all i do is keep the beat & bad company . and all i do is kiss you through the bars of a rhyme . 
i use sugar sync . 
groundhog day :-) 
thank you ! i am ! 
opi that looks like snow globe and an opi sand 
mmmm . parsnips . 
saw my turkeys under the grape vines this morning . :) 
kitten babies !LINK! 
12/25 / 12 !LINK! 
entire neighborhood ( with no overflow parking ) closed for street cleaning with 1 day notice before long weekend . poor planning ! 
found my orange down jacket and my orange duffle bags ( slightly gnawed ;( ) still missing my favorite tokidoki lesportsac purse . #progress 
o goddess of fishnet stockings , you are a harsh mistress ... 
got some bad news a little bit ago . now i want to rip apart the kitchen and reorganize everything . but i will wait until tomorrow . #fb 
camping with slow cooker options . mmmm . !LINK! 
yay ! there was cart today ! 
can't . reach . chocolate . 
i can tell i live alone again : my brain just asked me if there was a killer clown hiding behind the shower curtain . 
it is thursday right ? #unemployedwastrel 
i seem to be out of milk . 
yeah , my idea of porn is eddie izzard in " dress to kill " :) 
#tuesdaytrivia bull shark ! ( also , i'm never going swimming ever again ) 
seconded ! 
amc first look has an antiperspirant ad . i can stay home and watch tv and not pay $ 50 to see that crap . 
seriously businesses if you have an online form and you then have to call me to ask me every bit of info i just submitted you are a failure . 
hey universe , you killed my bunnycat 2 yrs ago , my best friend and my other best friend / hubby this month . i need a break please . 
not only did wageworks forget to send cobra coupons out , they also got my amounts and my previously paid amounts wrong . competence ! #idiots 
oh , must queue up " home for the holidays " for t-day viewing . ( also prep for chicken pot pie next thu ) . 
really ? 4-6 weeks to get my phone number into a system ? do you know it is 2013 now ? 
lack of imagination . 
i should bust out the rum for this diet coke i'm drinking ( way too late ) so i'm not up until sunday . 
what it comes down to is that as long as women don't have sex for any reason the government might acknowledge them as human 
first time i've felt human in almost 2 wks . thought i might be depressed but it was flu . now to eat better and get my to do list emptied . 
need to change the filter on my talking hole ; apparently it is completely * gone * and idiotic things are coming out of my mouth . sigh . 
flying home !LINK! 
the most anemic salad ever seen . also our server is mia ; had to ask the hostess to find her . unimpressed . 
ok , unpacked from last trip and packed for next one ... umm ... what is next one ? anyone ? anyone ? 
oh fine . i'll get out of bed . 
march 5 !LINK! 
my travel patience evaporated early this trip . 
i might need sushi . 
duh . 
yes , i'm a goober . what's your point ? 
stargazing at starbucks #fb 
pain level down significantly since 5am . getting sleepy , but still enough to keep me awake . i foresee much yogurt in the next few days . 
may 5 !LINK! 
next time rent a car and drive from oak and fly back from portland . 
tonight : my infamous meatloaf for dinner . #fb #fredletcooks 
just pretend he was rifling the other one's pockets for loose change . 
live every week like its shark week . #30rock 
feeling rather coma-esque today . #fb 
all lamps should be named " aziz ! " . 
what's godzilla's middle name ? is it paul ? ( i'm asking for a friend ... really . ) 
maybe they are all actually it people ? lock it down to the point it is unusable ... voila ! safe ! 
low fat milk is mostly lactose which is sugar . just drink some real milk . 
memorial day !LINK! 
finally found a place i liked for my spare sheet and duvet cover . #ihavenoclosetstospeakof 
someone needs to cook some bacon over here . i'm a mite squiffy . #notaeuphamismiwantsomebacon 
lots of smack talk going on about sportsball on my twitter feed . 
want please : !LINK! 
i applied ;) my resume is on file 
i've been fascinated for a long time with menzies :) 
coke machine #hipstamatic #loftus #rockbw11 
youre a giver leo , but your job for the next few weeks is to practice the art of receiving . let them feed you grapes . !LINK! 
sorry . its all my fault . 
tried dying white clothes orange with rit ? 
may 17 !LINK! 
irritated at my nexus 7 that i'm going to have to get down to command line level to fekkin ' fix . none of the built in wipes do anything . 
giving mom one of my suitcases . happily #aeronaut30 fits in it ; i can just hand off the case when i fly back 
may 15 !LINK! 
april 2 !LINK! 
meh . all good . :-) . just have been doing a lot lately ... 
i didn't do maker faire this year . i sort of miss it but i'm sort of relieved to not have the pressure on me this year . 
maybe i should go back to bed ... 
it is a mac n cheese and cowboy junkies day . #keepbreathing 
amazing . an incessant , week-long shovelfest of food into my gullet in texas and i didn't gain any weight . 
i wore a skirt the other day . !LINK! 
bloody hell . now i have all the feels . must clean . #reallynotaboutme #fuckcancer 
the phrase " clean eating " irritates me . 
new !LINK! 
ok , am packed for bhutan . now , how do i get there and afford it ? lol #fredletstravels #unemployedwastrel 
life is too short not to wear the comfy shirts . 
i have the wines and the kahluas ready for you . 
browsing other people's packing lists ; anything including white pants or heels paired with shorts gets immediately ignored . #fredletstravels 
he did ... he met me ! ( me : leo / sag rising him : aquarius / cancer rising ) 
:) 
i'm beta testing :P 
for all of you with the ick going around ; pace yourselves . it is an arse kicker . 
fredlet found a pin for you on pinterest ! !LINK! 
i should eat something today , huh ? 
those museum putty dots make it so the candle doesn't get knocked over ( that being said , i have rechargeable candles jic ) 
mmmm . chili cheese fries . 
don't do anything yet . anything . 
ottov 2 is very happy . 
warm up more . it sometimes takes me a mile or more to get there ... then i can go another 5 without issues . 
getting my travel ocd on at st . b's . #weetacon2014 
you crazy kids and your fetishes . 
making brownies . 
" turbotax : e-file successful " going to bed now . 
or a splatted bug ... 
texas jackalope ( native species ) !LINK! 
... not over til the fat lady in the silver space suit sings ... 
javascript : boring . ukeleles : not boring . !LINK! 
xmoose has stockings . i want a birthday stocking ... #fb 
i have a filter in email on the word valentines now . i'm not upset by the day , but the advertising is pretty overwhelming this year . 
clap clap clap clap 
a little progress in the living room . now i need tylenol and a nap . #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
i can do that for vacation travel , but chick clothes for biz is difficult . 
i asked moon pie to go make me coffee and she started gnawing on her toes . perhaps it is for the best . 
i find this concept truly irritating . 
you don't remember the defecting russian singing tiny dancer to jennifer ? 
wow . its amazing / disappointing to see what things people do to profit off of other people's situation . 
whoever decided to put big bang theory on every day at 7 has my undying gratitude . 
yeah , it messes with me , too . you'd think i'd be done with angst , but apparently not since i keep listening to that damn song ;) 
i planted more nasturtiums today . i just thought you should know . 
lazy kittens didn't unload the dishwasher ... again . 
ninja squirrel ... 
people are unbelievable . 
apparently my idea of cleaning today is to put away two things then sit down and stare into space for a bit . 
ask for a dialysis chair ... comfy . 
umm ... i love you . 
i don't have any cake . 
donating several of my crock pots to charity . #signsoftheapocalypse #fb 
march 9 !LINK! 
bought myself a little present . !LINK! via 
i love austin though my austin seems like it was a dream too many years ago to go back . 
poly or not poly : communication and honesty . no exceptions . 
made brownies . am too ptsd to deal with all the nonsense right now . 
wearing a ratty old ( much loved ) cashmere sweater , butterfly scarf , leggings and orange fleecy slippers . #warm 
new packing list for upcoming trip . different parameters . 
party more , people ! 
... whilst we compose songs about zombies on the ukelele . we are teh special . 
sheldon might argue against this . xd via !LINK! 
packed for green bay ! #weetacon2014 
have i told you that you are completely adorable ? keep being awesome ! 
expecto patronum ! ( gesundheit ) 
kittens are in rare form tonight ... 
today's activity involves putting 1 thing away then standing in front of the fan for a solid minute . #toowarm 
i just rescued a bee . just thought you should know . 
my attention span and typing skills are total crap lately ... 
a / c just turned off . phew . 
where moon pie sits in the living room . 
dreamed about packing for a trip last night . #imcrazythatway 
its the reboot ... you'll be surprised ! 
i'm a cheap date , i like coffee ;) 
it's rained twice in the last two weeks ! time to really implement the winter porch configuration . #fb #elniño #droughtsucks 
they are boogers . if there's anyone i can feed to the pigs , let me know ;) ( or , you know , destroy using only my cell phone ... ) 
made me realize why other people didn't think dating was like ripping off fingernails with pliers . helpful , that . 
phunware needs to hire me as a pm . i incorporate merc rx , moon voc and eclipses ( etc ) into my project plans . 
looking at porn on a sunday afternoon . #containerstorecatalog 
march 15 !LINK! 
tylenol hasn't kicked in yet . ( though i suspect enough tylenol doesn't exist to handle all my ouchies . ) #movingsucks 
drinking coffee so strong it is melting through the chair i'm sitting in . nom . #needcaffeine #ponderingtravel #fredletstravels 
i'm in friday harbor . dropped by to say hi ! 
i apologize for calling your wife a bloated warthog ... heheheh . 
i know . poop . 
oops . mom , i'll need bail then :) 
yep ! i can see you running circles around other kidlets ! 
did the digitizer get broken in the update ? i went from doing consistently well to having no touch control after update today 
probably been done , but has anyone knitted a qr code sweater ? 
april 27 !LINK! 
laundry day . also doing tear down of pre-packed luggage stuff to remind me what's there for quick race to the airport ... because reasons . 
february 28 !LINK! 
file a compliant with 
i've got all the fixin's for bloody marias ... #temptedbythefruitofatomater 
i declare yesterday crap and preemptively have decided today is , too . proceed accordingly . 
today is freaking me out , man . 
hello . i will be referring to squirrels as " tree kittens " from now on . thank you for your attention . 
what color was decided ? 
ok universe , why you testing me ? i'm not engaging you . desist the nonsense please . 
* is * pretty dang badass ... 
december begins . !LINK! 
really john wallace ? you find that when men hit on you that you can just say no thanks ? 
ynab + ocd =P ita 
iah customs has you walk 1.5 miles , then back through security then back to your fate ( which then changes . ) is a pita . so irritated . 
the " i love my car because it has a / c " selfie for a hot day ... #fb 
forgiveness , is not just saying sorry ... !LINK! 
check . rt : before you marry a person you should first make them use a computer with slow internet to see who they really are . 
whole lotta hat knitting going on here . 
thanks ! ! :) 
hey bringing me into san diego late , making it so i have to board last in my socks ? you suck . 
... not that i'm the boss of you or anything . i'm just bossy . :-P 
jumpy little foxes !LINK! 
oh hey , its friday , isn't it ? 
i also dreamed that someone was using my good scissors and didn't put them back and i got really cranky . #imcrazythatway 
oh hey , i have license plates . 
forever ? i think not , companies clean house too regularly . 
pretzels as your only food option when you have a wheat option is crap . i don't begrudge the peanut allergy , but im hungry . 
mini honeymoon : cute and practical outfit !LINK! 
huh , we have the same side effect apparently . 
yay it rained ! now maybe this headache will bugger off and be gone . 
schmidt is losing it over a burr grinder . i might actually be schmidt ... #newgirl 
what should i have for dinner ? 
it was a cheeky monkey ... 
ok gun fans . y'all need to prove to us guns are worth having around . " they're fun and safe ! " isn't working with the mass murders lately . 
you don't get to make medical decisions for me based on your religion . #usafail 
put mr noodles to work ! he's a lion , right ? 
top shelf ... 
no problems at all . if you need me though , i'll do whatever you need . 
april 3 !LINK! 
his name is too close to shyster for my comfort level ... 
should i bring 314 $ 1 ' s when i win this bid ? 
best jacket carrier . multifunctional as handle as well . #aeronaut30 
... 2nd amendment says " as part of a well ordered militia . " get on that part please . 
dear politicians and news folk : if you use menstruation for your argument as the reason women can't be good leaders you need to be put away . 
guys next to us are talking about their code reviews . most common phrase repeated is " dude i was so baked . my boss didn't even notice . " sigh 
because hobby lobby is a company , not individual with religious choice . if they want to become a church they can be religious . 
also i might be a little in love with nick . #newgirl ( so glad he's fictional , makes it easier . ) 
signs you might be single and ocd : 
poor kaiser hospice trying to take care of me ... i bet they don't know what to think about all this . 
i think i finally need tylenol today . 
huzzah ! schedenfreude paying off ! 
its one of those " there's nothing to eat " days despite the fact that there actually is ... feh . 
dear world , you don't get to decide how i grieve or not grieve . stfu . 
january 29 !LINK! 
i know my glasses are around here somewhere . don't know where though ... 
#fb !LINK! 
well ... not on the east coast at least ;) 
you're right about opi bogota blackberry . yum ! 
umm ... go sportsball ? 
cranberry chevre for dinner . i kinda wanted taco bell , but leaving the house this evening would have been herculean effort ... so ... no . 
bit of a self-indulgent day : playing in my luggage and eating cookies . 
developers : document your fekkin ' code , dammit . 
using my fountain pen ( a cheapo one , no biggie ) and making long lists in my notebook . i feel like me again . 
hi your latest update broke your access to the i-flashdrive on my iphone 6 + ( it worked last week before update $ . please fix ! ! ! 
it is mun . 
last android update broke my nexus 7 , now my ipad battery seems to be dying . i'm an unemployed wastrel , i can't afford to replace anything . 
glad to have napped through the oscar's this year . 
holy crap . installed on my nexus 7 and everything was there and ready to go from my old google reader account . thank you & great job ! 
* waves hello from nearby ! * 
kinder eggs have the best toys . 
got exactly zero unpacking done on saturday . my body just said " no . " so i let it rest . maybe i'll be productive sunday . #fb 
this would be awesome for a super minimal wardrobe . ( 6 shirts only ) #tinyhome chrome 6 - tier blouse & shirt tree !LINK! 
dietary shift : earlier this year was brussels sprouts and lasagna ; now is all turkey sammiches and orange juice . 
it is pilot-speak for apeshit . i been around mama a lot lately . 
is there a bear grylls drinking game ? there should be . drink when he eats gross things or when he gets nekkid . 
scooping squash sucks . ( actually is just boring , but that isn't alliterative . ) 
brian kilmeade is a moron . !LINK! 
#getoutstayout giveaway ! goal zero is giving away a lighthouse 250 solar kit every day , enter here : !LINK! 
how do you get anything done with that much cuteness there ? 
dude . stop running . it causes leprosy . 
my sweetie !LINK! 
ottov 2 just looks so worried i wonder if i'm about to turn blue and destroy the world or something . 
is nenshi headed to the lake ? ;) 
i'll split the pizza with you . i'm too lazy to cook tonight . 
she tied you to a kitchen chair , she broke your throne , she cut your hair , and from your lips she drew the hallelujah . 
photo plz . 
... and bill irwin . sigh . 
i need for my ankles to start behaving . i need to put more snow globe on my toenails ... 
... get tiger . toys for tigers : refrigerator box . 
i miss camping . 
nine times ? nine times . #ferrisbueller 
july 1 !LINK! 
just saw a shooting star . 
currently my favorite mug !LINK! 
ottov 2 snuggled with me today :-) !LINK! 
i'd like to sleep for a week then win the lotto . 
hey , lets talk money in gb . k ? 
i can't get out of bed . moon pie said so . 
" jake ryan ? he doesn't even know you exist ! " 
march 30 !LINK! 
dang it . my 5 year old crappy knock-off smoothie blender is starting to die . any suggestions on a replacement ? 
i heart you . 
april 17 !LINK! 
that's a great idea ... 
:) 
butter !LINK! 
mrrr ? i think that is it ... 
psycho kitten . qu'est ce que c'est ? meow meow meow meow meow meow . #earworm #fb 
sorry #california , #texas shaped things are just cuter . 
isn't that what twitter is for ? :-) 
perhaps today could be renamed " the day of missing people " . 
they are playing " blister in the sun " on the organ at the rangers game . good grief . 
richmond evening sky . 
except me ... 
dealing with ' s estate stuff kinda kicks my arse . just makes me want to nap ... for about 56 hours at a time . 
ooohhh ! ! ! 
january 18 !LINK! 
must be getting on to winter ; the light has changed significantly and i'm perusing cast iron cookware . 
the place were the kitters sleep in the daytime ... 
wrath triplets ! 
a grey hair has been located . gah . 
because i was afraid of worms , #roxanne ! worms ! 
february 17 !LINK! 
no battery saver installed . mobile data is always on . 
i do not love you . not polite texas behavior . 
oh please don't tell me anymore sad news about how robin williams died . 
i wish sheldon and leonard would sneak into my house and organize it . 
happy birthday ! 
thanks ! time to go frame shopping ;) #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
may 16 !LINK! 
groceries in my shopping basket . #hipstamatic #wonder #w40 
a giant marshmallow does not a breakfast make ... right , who wants to cook bacon for me ? 
panama - thursday 4/9 !LINK! 
dear please make a toy story little green men cupcake pan . thank you . 
the great cd de-jewel boxing project has begun . #ow 
big-ass truck means it's almost over ... #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
dear usa , please to stop all this nonsense and sort yourself out . you are better than this . i'll make you a pie if you behave . 
today's hairstyle is less " make all the boy moose go waaah " than " pointy haired boss from dilbert . " sigh . 
bluetooth speaker in living room . airplay speaker in kitchen / den . covered . 
hot showers are the best invention ever . 
hi there , chat folks helped ! thanks for the suggestion and for being awesome ! 
your color samples are perfect for wrangling my miniclips in my toy box :) 
huh . garlicky , cold pizza for brekkie makes coffee taste caramel-y . 
i did the wine and rolled up in a down comforter this weekend . i don't have an urn , but i know tex can hear me anyway ;) 
got burned at maker faire yesterday . 
i am why i can't have nice things . #ridiculouslyclumsy 
let me look at it first to see if i can . i can sign an nda if you need . email me fredlet at slyfoxdesign dot com 
sigh . 
i really should be folding towels . i'm not . 
ooops . almost borked my ankle again . also was stymied by putting on a fitted sheet . #grownupnot 
#aeronaut30 as cat bed . #fredletstravels 
october . staahhp . where you goin ' october ? !LINK! 
kittens are awake . 
:| love you . 
pesky . i'm out of dresden books .   ... ahem ... 
i bid $ 313.88 ! 
i get both sides of that statement , that doesn't mean it's ok though . hugs . 
christian hood with children decries rainbow . uh : " this rainbow is the sign of the covenant i am confirming with all the creatures on earth " ? 
they have hooters and tgi fridays here . #fredletstravels 
trapped under cat . please send food . #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
heh . kachomp . is it edible ? no ? i eat it anyway ! 
doesn't matter who does it or how it is arranged , ride of the valkyries will always be kill the wabbit ! ! to me ... #fb 
i was kidding about the turkeys and the ukulele ... then look what i found on my back porch today . who knew ? 
actually would be telling their employees that they couldn't eat pork . 
dear imaginary coffee slave , please fetch me the frozen peas from the freezer . ( ics reply : as you wish ... ) 
just picked up rental car at maf . there are plastic easter eggs in the trunk . 
hug the aliens for me ! ! 
i'll be drinking bloody marys after my medical thingy today . let's all drink ! ! 
mmmm ... weltschmerz . 
am eating pie . finally found pie that is almost as good as mine . #contentment 
my birthday lamps #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
dear gop : you are an embarrassment and hypocritical . i am ashamed to be part of a country with you . !LINK! #fb 
i think volunteering in haiti might be easier ... 
march 23 !LINK! 
my left arm is quite tired of having pathogens injected into it thankyouverymuch . #fredletstravels 
so the tobacco lobby swore it was good for us . is the nra lying , too ? i'm tired of domestic terrorism . 
i love that for my birthday they put on a whole week of sharky programming . so sweet ! #fb 
a new record . i have coffee and have only been awake for an hour and my day sucks . 
my legs look like i was the guest sub of a kink dungeon . ouch . #movingsucks 
xtians bitching about being oppressed . you being burnt at the stake , lynched ? stop whining when others are allowed their own religion . #fb 
i'm ready to be all unpacked ( and past the drama of much cleaning out ) so that i can garden a tiny bit . maybe a margarita on the porch . #fb 
... and weeping a lot as well . such bullshit losing your partner . bradd has been instructed he's not allowed to leave me . 
january 8 !LINK! 
booger cats pushed out screen for porch adventures . necessitated berobed , treat laden search party . all fine , but we need better windows . 
ew . yuck ! 
my bed is almost a pillow fort . its fabulous . 
i'll buy you a blue moon if i can have the orange slice ... 
shall i bring the big down coat ? 
i want one that does that for the word " cyber " . 
big hugs . more big hugs . chocolate . pancakes . hugs . yarn . hugs . etc . i'm so , so sorry . ( more hugs . ) 
the person in front of me is reading about " sedation and delirium " . hmmm . 
april 11 !LINK! 
your hair is getting so long again ! super cute ! 
tuesday , you were pretty dang mediocre . 
vegas ( yawn ) , baby . 
ankle-y update : achey a bit . haven't tried walking yet . slept fine though . was worried i'd tweak them in my sleep . 
am beyond grubby and icky now , but have learned i have some latent mountain goat skillz for climbing ! 
thanks mama for helping me battle the beastly bank and bringing rosemary plants . ( has been great support the last few years . ) 
fyi small fiji water bottle fits in end pocket of the #nightflight & zips to hold it upright #fredletstravels 
preach it , sister . 
who wants to make me toll house cookies ? 
after a wek with the mouse , they are probably relishing the relative quiet of the airport . 
bought myself a little present . !LINK! 
ciao panamá ! hasta luego ! #fredletstravels #fb 
just finished a book set in ireland . i'll be saying " fekkin ' ' " a lot this week & there'll be guinness beef stew on the menu . no crubeens tho . 
yeah . just having a pity party here . sorry . 
take care of yourself . people need to take a chill pill . they aren't worth your health ! 
i'm too old for this shit . 
much tired . #movingsucks #fb 
i'm judge-y that way ... 
my previous long term money planning worked out ( good ) but i'd still happily be in debt up to my eyeballs to have back . 
closing up shop ... !LINK! 
a / c reconnected and on . phew . #fb 
" trained chimps throw feces . we don't . see ? added value ! " < charming smile > 
cross eyed tired . 
hi ryan ! 
i've been awake for a million years . i've felt a million things since then , too . 
i'm going to need to figure out what music i want to listen to so that i can put a name to this mood i'm in ... 
i still have some 1 ' s in my cash stash :-) 
putting " snow globe " on my nails in a parking garage ... like you do ... 
oh hey the day star is back out . weather lately feels like the old " june gloom " we used to have in the 80 ' s . #fb 
hate unpacking . only way i manage it is to repack for another trip ;) #fredletstravels #fb 
oh good . the flight attendant is saying no nonsense boarding instructions for all the people who are nothing but nonsense today . 
february 1 !LINK! 
dmv : no sympathy . att : very kind . usaa : vague bullshit requirement . #closinghisaccounts 
not if they get corporate breaks for the secular government . 
what goes around ... !LINK! 
fyi rt : zoe is so ready for 
wed = grosse pointe blank and toast ( i couldn't use toast tuesday for obvious reasons . had to rename it . ) 
... and the crowd goes wild ! 
scurvy is for quitters ! 
happy birthday bus buddy ! 
2013 !LINK! 
. just need you to figure out a coffee maker and we're all set forever ! ;) 
dizzy . flu sucks . 
drink y'all . bear just ate a big crunchy bug . 
i done messed up my ( half-assed ) sparkle manicure unpacking and cooking . curses , foiled again . #fb 
and project managers are asked answer phones , do filing , sit at reception desk , get coffee ... not . unrealistic people . 
i'm so against businesses having a religion . a person can have religion . if you want a church then start a church . a business is just that . 
was hoping oct 27 was going to get that fabulous job i interviewed for , but no :( #leowithsagrising 
rick moranis played one in la story ... does that count ? 
odyssey today to close late hubby's estate . has made this so difficult . doing best not to cry all over county clerk . 
moon pie on my shoulders makes me happy ... !LINK! 
i really , really shouldn't be left alone . i play dress up and end up wearing goddess dresses , flip flops and lamb ears ... 
people watching . 
must be summer . i'm eating strawberries , blueberries , avocados , oranges and the like ... nom . 
at the banyan tree ... !LINK! 
march 12 !LINK! 
they're sp sweet when they aren't beating the crap out if each other ... #fb 
yay ! i found the remote for my rechargeable candles . ! 
making risotto for dinner tonight . #zenstirring #fb 
moon pie says " no you move . " 
hey your site shows iphone 5/5 s covers , but these dont fit 5s . how do i get a refund on my order ? 
oops . nap happened . 
took vitamins and drank a ton of water to try to get rid of this headache . so tired of it ... and i need to get some work done . 
i only have it on my parallels install . mac is fully flash-free though :-) 
“ : farhfdadgkjahg sorry , everyone , that was a butt-fin tweet . i didn ’ t even know i could do that ! #fb ” 
awesome stotytelling ! #nergasm 
hey bay area folks : anyone have a cricut machine ? 
6 happy faces and dermot mulroney . 
isn't that against the geneva convention ? cut that out right now . 
... and insult her kid while she fawns . 
ran out of turkey sammich meat . i guess i'll have to start using the m & m's . 
lost xmas ' 12 laid off by after fmla done 2/13 given the finger by california edd ever since . kinda feels personal . #fb 
i'm quoting tony " the tiger " russo because it seems appropriate right now ... " you disappointed the shit out if me ... " #movingsucks 
it's mostly a hat ... #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
it just rained again . go home , weather . you're drunk . 
7 months !LINK! 
cleaning living room . finding kaiser medical supplies . no likey . 
talk is cheap . !LINK! 
. nomad 7 in camp : charged iphones & battery pack , flashlight head for night walk to beach , fan & clips for hanging off camp chair ! 
trying to watch love , actually . skipping past lots of difficult bits . still love bill nighy more than my luggage . 
ottov 2 wondering why the box is small . we'll let her have the bigger one when we can get b an #aeronaut30 
so the guy says , " read the card ! " 
building my tetris-y shelves . 
fluffy texas clouds . #fb 
good luck with that , honey . 
nom . this place is fantastic ... merlot bistro , carmel , ca #fredletstravels #fb 
... and apple crates . #continentaldivide 
unfortunately world travelers with big boobs ( like me ) can't just buy a shirt or whatnot overseas 90 % of the time :/ #fredletstravels 
1 malooga , 4 loogas . 
i think i should just lower the bar on expectations today and just hope i don't trip over it . 
goat skin pants ! 
schroedinger really didn't have a choice of what animal to use as an example ... you put out a box , it attracts a cat . 
this is a mattress . 
suddenly tentacle porn can't be your next band name , it is already mine . ;P 
black sand beach !LINK! 
nice ! 
booo ! rt : cate ells , a 6 ' 6 " #makoshark legally caught & killed by a commercial pelagic fisherman !LINK! 
i still don't have any trader joe's pickles in the house . i don't know who i am anymore . 
i'm so add when i clean ... 
too lazy to get up and make coffee ... that's a bad sign . 
july 11 !LINK! 
may 18 !LINK! 
all your orange dress are belong to me . 
i don't like the oxford comma . drives me up the wall . 
i paid for install and removal , no one ever talked to me about separate calls . 
probably elliptical ... or maybe wrong ... 
mini honeymoon : cute outfit 1 !LINK! 
gotta find my glasses first though ... 
my new indian name is naps with cats . 
dear !LINK! , i know i have 2 different banks on my resume ... but i am not a bank teller . kthxbai 
ipad stand #fb 
crazy talk . 
some ! i think one good day with both cars out of the way and a large dumpster to fill and it would be done actually . 
the wheel is turning . !LINK! 
10 pm . time to shotgun a diet sunkist ... 
i suspect you'll be doing that anyway :) 
breathe * squish * breathe * squish * 
or boobs . 
trying to listen to music on my iphone is such a pain in the arse now . suggestions for alternate players ? 
grilled cheese sammich , tomato bisque soup , ( led ) candles and footie jammies ; must be sunday night . 
afghan leftovers heat up surprisingly well . 
hooo ... serious blood sugar drop . oops . note to self : should eat before 4pm . 
sorry #california , #texas shaped things are just cuter . 
" can you hammer a 6 inch spike through a board with your penis ? " " not right now . " " a girl's gotta have her standards . " 
i'm running out of chips ... 
making german potato salad and singing the thermos song ... like you do ... #fb #earworm 
when i drink shiner bock my texas accent shows up . when i drink wine , i speak french . 
i know it's real , but i still wake up from dreams of him confused ; did we actually go through that ? #fuckcancer 
yeah i'm guessing sleep will not be a feature of tonight . 
fridge is almost empty now ... sorry nascent miniature civilizations for your collective demises . 
i'm with schro ... 
moon pie surveys the chaos from upon high . !LINK! 
remember when hodgins was a jerk and bones was still smart ? yeah , i miss those days , too . 
don't ask what a crom job is ... 
save as ... then play with it . 
where were you when kennedy was shot ? ted kennedy was shot ? ! ? 
atlanta's a distant memory . montgomery a recent blur . and tulsa burns on the desert floor like a signal fire . 
full moon behind the trees !LINK! 
watching o brother where art there ... again . #myhair 
kinda destroys me when i find out i disappoint someone i love . 
it is wednesday , right ? 
this is what i want to be a part of with my art !LINK! 
sloth , encore !LINK! 
logic about bad behavior is one thing , actual human reactions & trying to be kind to that person no matter what is another . 
wander around capitola ! it is really lovely there ... 
sigh , ok . !LINK! 
april 8 !LINK! 
no of course you won't . i'm so , so sorry sweetie . 
rosemary by the garden gate ... #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
bastille - pompeii ( acoustic ) !LINK! 
so pretty ! ! 
sorry planet . too crabby to deal with your nonsense today . 
we're gonna need a bigger boat . 
i know a ridiculous amount about human digestion . yay ? #fb 
also wal-mart , pay your people enough to live on , sam would be ashamed of you . you call yourself xtians ? you shame all of them . 
mine was trader joes caramel bars . luckily i couldn't get them all the time :) 
this #jellybean update on my nexus 7 and the resultant flood of new app version installs is making using my tablet almost impossible . blerg . 
yeah . hence my ridiculous persistence . 
margarita . kamikaze . washington apple . cosmo . #surprisefridayout 
ooooh ... almost at 10k steps today ! #fb 
you are my inverse twin ! i'm leo / sag rising :) good luck on your move ! 
january 21 !LINK! 
feel better ! we're sending healing thoughts to you ! 
checking off many things from the to do lists . #milestogobeforewesleep 
clumsy !LINK! 
ummm your new image display crops the images . bad . make it stop . 
financial question for y'all : are there any iras out there with a decent rate of return ? let me know , thanks . 
note to self : must eat more regularly . or take my cimetidine more regularly ... i think i should just eat more . 
now that is a birthday present ! thanks dream bix ! 
the new format has so many headless people showing in my feed ( bad cropping ) . i guess it's code name was " french revolution . " #fb 
july 5 !LINK! 
oh , the burn . is good ... 
packed for my mini trip to texas . #fb 
hey xtians ; you are already protected . you have freedom to worship . you dont have freedom to discriminate . also jesus thinks you are a jerk . 
solar lights under the full moon . 
i was very tired yesterday . #fb 
just keep stirring ... 
yay ! ! 
divamas : the gift that keeps on giving ! 
metric , not imperial . 
i shouldn't take a nap now . 
almost as ironic as " click here to enter this site ... " 
tired of snot . 
i'm probably signing my own death warrant , i'm just fed up with the bs . 
may 28 !LINK! 
trying supervised play time with kittens in carpeted areas ... just chased ottov 2 away from potential carpet stain to cat box . long way to go . 
weekend must almost be over ... the cookies are almost gone . 
yes ! miss piggy was generally mean and physically violent . not cool . 
am fancy . not drinking out of a jelly jar . 
widow brain !LINK! 
mason jar with flower frog insert . #hipstamatic #chunky #blackeysbw 
cat scan #fb 
there are some very strange things on teh intarwebs . 
excellent logic . who are you again ? :-P 
i thought i heard the cat complaining but it was actually me wheezing . i am attract , no ? 
nexus 7 and dock ... yay ! finally ! #hipstamatic #jamesm #pistil 
bad bar costume ! !LINK! 
i would like a chocolate doughnut please . 
let me know if you can't find anything . target has a bejeezus load of cute stuff . i can ship it to you . 
also it is one of the cards against humanity ... always a winning card to play . 
july 12 !LINK! 
let them eat cake . !LINK! 
may 19 !LINK! 
feeling mighty reckless : just archived everything in the inbox . 
i don't know where my bed is ... 
wow . rewards program is really worthless now . no flights on any date ever where i need to go . i'm disappointed . waste of $ 50 . 
day of recharge ( phone , batteries , me , etc ) . i'm not the road warrior i used to be . phew . i'm tired . 
april 13 !LINK! 
nom . quilt fabric art via !LINK! 
my abuse at the hands of edd drives me to drink . #fb 
#sorrynotsorry 
summer solar configuration . #hipstamatic #jamesm #dc 
despite understanding logically that time passes on a consistent basis , my brain still boggles a little that it is already april 2014 . 
nice . someone sent me flowers at ( former ) work . hr took flowers and put in reception area . didn't bother to tell me . 
lol , yeah i just need some cheese with my whine , i think :-) 
ha ... are you rushing your vowels ? 
60 degrees today . halle-freakin'-lujah . 
i'm tired . 
the backyard has gone all magical with spring . #hipstamatic #tinto1848 #ctypeplate 
ok android geeks : little help please . my nexus 7 is on an endless restart loop . can't wipe it even . it just restarts forever . ideas ? 
my brain has given up making sentences . today's word salad is : happy ! soup ! sweater ! plants ! #fb 
roasty chicken and veg for dinner ... which means instant soup for the rest of the week . 
art . 
yeah ... i still refer to in the present tense . cope with it . 
new favorite word : adorkable . it embodies everything good . 
bubbles . animatronic girrafes . weird hats . these are my people . #makerfaire 
oh i am very tired after this week . 
attention people around me : apparently i'm a giant mess today . standard splash zone expanded to 10 feet til further notice . 
grocery list : chicken , cream , cat toys . check . 
february 5 !LINK! 
my moon pie kitten . !LINK! 
beyond exhausted now . 
so what's the verdict on your treadmill ? good ? bad ? 
may 13 !LINK! 
there seem to be two tiny little buffalo running around my house . 
march 14 !LINK! 
the only reason m $ ' s ceo told women to not ask for raises is that if he tried the same thing w / men they'd say fuck you to his face . #pig #fb 
hey you should hire me for this job ... !LINK! :) 
all my keens are of mostly the same vintage ... they are all mostly losing their soles at the same time , too . sigh . 
still . so . awake . 
oh that's right . twitter is the boss of me , too . 
champers bottle is almost empty . almost wine o'clock at the inn . phew ... close call ! #minihoneymoon #fb 
also i miss magnolia south . sigh . #austintxfood 
2/2 fight his , i'm absurdly grateful her husband is able to fight and make progress . life isn't fair , i'm happy that he is getting a chance . 
#aeronaut30 with a #daylightbackpack as headboard . #fredletstravels #catbed 
hello , i am very impatient . 
wednesday part 2 !LINK! 
july 3 !LINK! 
candygram . ( also they have a fox one , too . ) 
i can post blurry photos ... but you know how fast mp is ... 
it is patently obvious which side of the family which side of the gene pool my legs did not come from ... #jealous 
march 7 !LINK! 
what do you expect from someone named prat ( t ) !LINK! 
april 1 !LINK! 
awww ... i was hoping he was a leo :-) 
i'm rather partial to aquarians myself :) me leo / gemini & sag rising , him aquarius / virgo cancer rising 
i still don't feel like a grown up . do i want to though ? 
moon pie is hogging up the footstool . #fb 
epic nap , now snoozing kittens on the bed ( * bedroom * bed-not daybed ) with me , if i had a cheeseburger i would be ecstatic . 
i'm eating all of the chips . 
coldest place i've ever been ! ( i'm under blankies in a heated room ... but still ) . 
oh i know she is happy and hope things go ok ... 
i need one of those car jacks to get my bed up on the riser thingies again . i'm strong like bull , but this bed is fekkin ' heavy . 
" i have tons of wallet chains you can borrow . " - schmidt #newgirl 
it's like mammogram machine makers don't realize women have rib cages . #fb 
april 14 !LINK! 
i hope agador spartacus doesn't have hairballs ! 
mitch pileggi is from austin . he drinks shiner bock . 
apparently she's unsinkable ;) 
purple hat . #knitting #hipstamatic #helgaviking #pistil 
playing fetch with moon pie , sending silly selfies to people on a saturday night ... stopped at 1 coronita . i thought it prudent . 
not declaring cleaning bankruptcy or anything , but i think a new baseline is in order : house is clean , yet a bit messy at all times . cope . 
friends 5x08 the one with the thanksgiving flashbacks as well . 
nope , not wrong ... i actually don't like it . that's a fact . ;) 
get off my lawn . 
as much as i like a tidy fridge , mine kind of makes me sad i'm not cooking more . 
