ou " thank gandalf it's frodo " ;-) 
don't worry , i'll handle the technical details :-) all i need is ideas , and apparently you've got plenty of good ones ! 
“ it only takes 20 years for a liberal to become a conservative without changing a single idea . – robert anton wilson ” 
web devs : you do not escape your db query variables manually , by adding quotes or backslashes . ever . check what your language recommands . 
--> fly , you fools ! 
link : how to play blu-ray media on linux !LINK! 
hey , does this icon look familiar ? ;-) #pycon2015 #montreal 
or genius . or both . 
\ o / \ o / \ o / #teamepeeenlatex 
london calling ! !LINK! 
the original kodak ( 1888 ) 
challenge accepted . 
just found a box of 3 ' 1/2 floppies with norton utilities and partition magic on them . should i trash them ? would a museum be interested ? 
fantastic job , once again . rt : here's some thinking and mockups i came up with this week for #hyperkitty : !LINK! 
my talk about #hyperkitty at #flocktofedora went well , see you this afternoon for the hackfest ! implement your crazy ideas ! 
_o \ o \ o / \ o / \ o / o / o_ 
link : garfield du 19/03 / 2009 !LINK! 
irony : tomorrow is #peaceday , and #troydavis is scheduled for execution . we're still a bunch of barbarians . 
about what you said in the free people talk , to those who don't care about surveillance , show them that : !LINK! 
tu bluffes , martoni . 
i heard yesterday that there are people from 28 countries at #flocktofedora . 28 . this community is great . 
just landed in paris . each of my 3 planes has had problems of various hazard level . happy to be alive . 
a nice buffet with #redhat's ceo in paris . very cool . 
serious chocolate ice cream is serious . @ hyde park , london !LINK! 
ah crotte ! bon ben bon retour ... 
yes : !LINK! 
the song " the final countdown " is now playing in your head . 
how do you do i / / see you've met my / / faithful handyman ... !LINK! #rockyhorror #mariageequality 
ok , this is a first . fire alarm on the plane to chicago , close to arrival . emergency landing , firefighters evacuing us , the full package . 
he said " !LINK! " , not " php " 
<3 
link : al-qaeda calls off attack on nation's capitol to spare life of ' twilight ' author ( onion news network ) !LINK! 
as says : " fedora is just an amazing community of people which happens to ship an os now and then " . hell yeah . #flocktofedora 
how climate change deniers sound to normal people : !LINK! #climatechange 
if it's packaged properly without bundling libs , why not . otherwise , no exception . 
" an optimist sees rainbows when there is rain . " - - debasish mridha !LINK! 
don wikipedia : fait . !LINK! 
yes , we were on the same plane , with kevin and xavier from france . happy memories ... don't fly united . 
agreed ! i just happened on your post reading the main page ( what chances in that ? ) and found it very nice . 
link : academic earth - video lectures from the world's top scholars !LINK! 
vacances ! vacances ! vaaacaaances ! ! ! 
yeah ! !LINK! 
took out my old iron maiden albums for a spin today . i still remember all the lyrics ( learnt in high school ) . 7th son is a gem . #fanboy 
if you really can't find a way to use it , i may be interested ... ;-) 
404 :-( 

link : copier , coller , cloner ( ecrans ) via !LINK! 
hell yeah ! toshio's going to be even more popular now that a badge's at stake 
. will refinance your technical debt using microservices at #flocktofedora :-) 
link : web site story ( collegehumor ) ( dédicace xibe ) !LINK! 
glad to hear you made it back safely 
link : piratage en cartoon ( the pirate bay ) !LINK! 
looking out for the eagles ... fortunately the nearest forest seems pretty far . ;-) 
_o \ \ o \ \ o / / o / / o_ 
40 minutes of is easily worth 12 months of therapy . #pycon2015 
web developers , do you know !LINK! ? looks pretty useful for your demos , and it's opensource too . ( cc ) 
casual sexism in paris 
it was an exceptional experience to meet you , tatica . i hope we meet again soon . 
un sandwich et un dessert ? 7 € 65 #ladefense 
porn sex vs real sex : !LINK! #nsfw 
link : inflatable fail ( fail blog ) !LINK! 
man ! it just opened ! you went there before i got the chance . i'm so jealous . 
waaant ! ! ! 
attention fashion police 
link : happy 15th birthday opera browser ! !LINK! 
link : nous y sommes , par fred vargas ( europe ecologie ) !LINK! 
#umpfn !LINK! 
!LINK! 
define " real " . 
first #flocktofedora talk with matthew miller about cloud computing 
what if we treated all consent like society treats sexual consent ? !LINK! via #comics #feminism 
link : are we in control of our own decisions ? ( ted ) !LINK! 
link : écologie radicale ( maliki ) !LINK! 
my very first lolcat : !LINK! . thanks for the picture ! 
i'm leaving my appartment right now . will you be there in about one hour ? 
a voté ! 
happy 77th birthday , . may you live long . 
merci ! ! 
[ blog ] first day at pycon 2015 in montréal : !LINK! 
kinky cuisine . 
i can totally understand that . i don't think my work will be useful to you yet , then . good luck ! 
i haz new pc ! ! 
!LINK! ? 
these pranksters read bible passages to people , telling them it was the qur ’ an ; they were shocked : !LINK! #religion 
#ff #journalisme #maternite #jumelles #philosophie #ouverture #cousitude 
y'a de la parano tu crois ? 
you rock ! cc ♻ : i wrote a post about dernier bar ( aka the happiest place on earth ) ! !LINK! 
link : lord of the rings 2010 !LINK! 
this veggie food , it's not bad . i don't usualy hold to foreign food . 
excellent ! the dictator's practical internet guide to power retention : !LINK! ( via ) 
pour et : rt : who needs a google car ? just plug an arduino on yours . !LINK! 
sorry , emotional response ;-) you picked a great place , have fun , see you this evening . 
why is there a program called evolution in ubuntu christian edition : !LINK! . excellent . #religion 
the statistically meaningful sample of people i talked to all had a fantastic time . lots of thanks for setting it up . now , onwards ! 
link : hadopi de pis en pis ( bugblog ) !LINK! 
i can't make it to fosdem this year for family reasons . i would've come to the bar had i known earlier ... have fun ! 
don't leave montreal without eating here : 4631 st laurent . groups should book . #pycon @ montréal , canada !LINK! 
the rube-goldberg machine video in the continuous deployment talk at #pycon2015 is so hypnotizing i can't focus on the questions . 
excellent post on the relation between s . #jobs , #apple and modern capitalism : !LINK! 
hey ian , i'm about to take off from paris , see you later today at the hotel 
link : google and the " creepy line " !LINK! 
link : ' the golden age of video ' by ricardo autobahn ( youtube ) !LINK! 
link : and then the dog said ... ( i can has cheezburger ? ) !LINK! 
blog : utiliser son blog dotclear comme identifiant openid !LINK! 
merci ! 
day 17 , and still no " danced with toshio " badge . but i shall not give in to despair . #flocktofedora 
pure genius . " cheating to learn : how a ucla professor gamed a game theory midterm " !LINK! #cooperation 
yes , this is a software conference . with a human-sized duckling . everything is normal . #pycon2015 
link : good job froggies ! ( open source world map , redhat.com ) !LINK! 
pipin in lotr : « i don't want to be in a battle , but waiting on the edge of one you can't escape is even worse » . #peakoil 
dear " free software " conf room at #pycon2015 , to those who don't care about surveillance , show them that : !LINK! 
link : is big brother listening in on many iphone apps ? !LINK! 
vraiment pas mal : " representations of gender in advertising " !LINK! #feminisme #gender 
link : amusing ourselves to death - - comparing huxley and orwell !LINK! 
5 jours : pizza , jap , pizza , indiana , pizza . aaah , la nourriture saine :) 
farewell , geocities ! ( have a look at !LINK! today for sweet memories ... ) 
link : fedora 11 , nom de code leonidas , est sortie ! !LINK! 
dm ? 
true . the dev server is !LINK! if you want to have a look . 
yes it is ! pretty close to our hotel too . or maybe in another dimension . 
il existe donc vraiment ... @ the world's end camden !LINK! 
some parts aren't feasable without changes in mailman though ( eg " follow " ) , but this discussion needs more than 140 chars ;-) 
!LINK! 
link : street fighter , the later years ( collegehumor ) !LINK! 
more or less yeah . 
dressed like a woman , with the wig and the vacuum cleaner ? 
don't be afraid to fail , be afraid not to try . #quotes 
link : the linux video contest winner !LINK! 
technicolor chemicals used in r & d 
i danced with toshio . and i danced with too . fantastic evening at #flocktofedora 
may it be with you , always : !LINK! now , lightsabers . 
alright , let's test this twitter thing once again . 

link : why network neutrality is a big deal !LINK! 
and follows with " the usual ? " 
your daily dose of cuteness : !LINK! omg #kawai 
link : jane mcgonigal : gaming can make a better world ( ted ) !LINK! 
indeed . pulse 2 is coming along nicely , keep it up . 
rt : : #teampommeau #teamhommeenjupe cc !LINK! #jde #eelv 
i would like , if i may , to take you on a strange journey ... 
cc " : america had 11,000 gun-related homicides in 2008 . japan had 11 . do they play video games in japan ? " 
this tagline does appeal to you and me , right ? .. ;-) 
you mean you guys don't spin up different vms to install different executables ? this is so last century . 
interesting ! would that be the " last bar before the end of the world " ? !LINK! 
10 years ago , j . gilley had a crazy idea : organize a worldwide ceasefire for a single day . today . !LINK! #peaceday 
and i did find this #xkcd comic funny at the time : !LINK! . now it's really bitter #previoustweet #seth #fedora 
link : a kinder , gentler philosophy of success , by alain de botton ( ted ) !LINK! 
excellent talk on productivity when you're a remotee by at #flocktofedora 
it's too early for a definitive conclusion , i honestly don't know . what i do know is that we really like cross-distro stuff :-) 
wow . !LINK! 
blog : égollum !LINK! 
i got a raspberry pi at fudcon ! woohoo ! thanks and ! 
link : product fail ( fail blog ) attention , nsfw ! !LINK! 
♻ : warren buffet : " stop coddling the super-rich " : !LINK! 
priceless :-) 
take my money ! !LINK! 
#notallproblems 
done , on !LINK! and !LINK! , thanks for the very good suggestion :-) 
for those who care , i am at home and well , don't worry about me . stay safe my friends . #paris #fusillade 
back to le dernier bar again ? enjoy your stay ! :-) 
maybe ? rt : are there any cryptographers interested in helping me determine earliest impl . dates for some algos . ? 
kawaï overload ! ♻ : hiii & lt ; 3 ♥ rt : hiii & lt ; 3 rt : today on !LINK! 
wow la performance ! 
great keynote by at #pycon2015 . nothing in france under the umbrella of yet , but we have dev communities . let's connect . 
you lucky girl ! 
at least until this friday ( 11/11 / 11 ) ... that would be a lot of geek points :) 
hey moi aussi , hier matin ! :-) 
looking at the zope.event doc i think to myself " this really looks trivial " . i go check out the source code : it's 4 lines . four . 
tiens t'avais vu ça : !LINK! ? 
a very moving tribute to seth , by mricon : !LINK! #fedora 
link : la motorisation hybride ( f . roby ) !LINK! 
ice cream time ! ! ! 
: et si ! rhaaa 
link : prêt à jeter ( videos.arte.tv ) !LINK! #shared #ecologie 
power plugs attract geeks like bugs on perl scripts . #flocktofedora 
thanks ! but it only works with mailman 3 , which is not out yet ( weeks / a few months max ) 
it's a mailman 3 archiver , but it's not there yet , and mm3 isn't out yet either . depends on your timeframe . 
mandatory " feet-on-the-beach " picture 
!LINK! 
damn i missed this open space . will you do another in the next days ? 
yeah hyperkitty must be installable alongside other django apps so we can't require py3 . 
best commit ever !LINK! ! #fail 
thanks mate , looking forward to yours :-) 
i wish the people recruiting at the job fair could have heard ' s talk . #pycon2015 
thank you , #captainobvious 
link : earth hour 2009 ( the big picture ) !LINK! 
back in paris . goodbye flock , hello sane weather :-) 
seriously , ? seriously ? and teaching it to kids on top of it :-( 
oh , and ian holm also played the android in the first alien :-) 
about to board on a plane to montréal and #pycon2015 ! maple syrup and poutines , here i come :-D 
ouch . courage . 
verifying myself : i am abompard on keybase.io . sjjvk 4nz3go2n - cvveplyey-kxoqnxle_zq - / !LINK! 
" because you shouldn't have to choose " ;-) 
yes merci ! 
fairphone : hackable , conflict-free materials , decent workers conditions , and #firefoxos ( when ready ) !LINK! ( cc : ) 
link : the child-driven education , by sugata mitra ( ted ) !LINK! 
: rhaaa , node_flat ! enfin ! :) 
link : y2k and peak oil !LINK! 
tadaima ! 
blog : diablo swing orchestra sur jamendo !LINK! 
joss whedon ftw ! #fanboy 
me too , till thursday , but i'll sprint with the mailman folks . greak talk btw , and thanks for your work . 
detroit , city of crime ... going to visit my pal bruce wayne . 
link : autoworkers compete to keep jobs on new reality show ( the onion ) !LINK! 
link : top 10 breakthroughs in physics for 2010 ( physicsworld.com ) !LINK! #shared #science 
link : devotion to duty ( xkcd ) !LINK! 
i'm with you on that one . 
mega cool :-) 
it's in paris :-) 
oh noes :-( 
owww . i'm crossing my fingers for you , good luck . hope you get well soon . 
i * hate * " copy-n-paste programming " . hate it . pfff . now i feel better . 
link : orson scott card et hadopi ( ) !LINK! 
not really , masochism is not a questionable life choice . 
and the new bilbo is played by martin freeman , who played arthur dent in the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy movie 
excellent #ted talk by clay shirky : how the internet will transform government !LINK! ( cc , this looks like co-ment ) 
chocolate fountain ... #yummy #flocktofedora 
fridge magnet 
link : lost generation ( youtube ) !LINK! 
sorry for the flood people ... migration fail 
damn ! 
yeah , but ones who promoted him don't have to deal with him anymore ... :-/ interesting case of game theory 
i just pledged to keep fighting the good fight with . join me in keeping the web open and awesome ! !LINK! 
omg . i'm half-expecting thor to appear at the end . !LINK! 
this is great : !LINK! . trolling is going to be so much more fun with it :-) 
thanks ! are you going too ? 
this . is . twitter ! 
why not ? your distro only has one version of python ( i'm currently building packages for fedora ) 
at the airport , waiting to take off to #fudcon ! only 11 hours of travel to go ... 
heard from : if i have to go to the office for my next job , i'll wear a kilt . 
found the doc but it didn't feel quite appropriate to add my name there since you haven't met me ( yet ! ) 
link : sounds familiar ? ( dilbert ) !LINK! 
hey ! je suis scorpion ! ;-) 
if you're gonna build a time machine into a car , why not do it with some style ? 
i've been with #redhat for six months today , working on #fedora and #hyperkitty . great time , with a great team . thanks to you all . 
this #firefox extension !LINK! saved my day a few times . 
:-/ 
i just arrived at the airport , see you soon :-) 
omfg ! ! $ traceroute 216.81 . 59.173 #geek #starwars 
\ o / \ o / \ o / 
euh , #eelv4d non ? 
hospital ? nothing too serious i hope ? 
just had a pan galactic gargle blaster at . they are not kidding you . you've been warned . 
right next to my hotel . well now i feel safe ... ;-) #rochester 
link : roselyne bachel'eau . ( maëster ) !LINK! 
!LINK! ? 
link : pollution in china ( chinahush , via ) !LINK! 
ce site a un gros potentiel : !LINK! 
it was good , thanks , see you soon :-) 
i know what you did , . rt : 
vacances ! yeehaa ! 
how you , as an individual , can fight software patents !LINK! #softwarepatents 
ooooh , janet ... ;-) 
nope , giving a link wouldn't have been a good use of questions time . tried to talk to you afterwards but there were too many ppl 
yop ! :-) 
link : how fanboys see other operating systems !LINK! 
#blog : xhtml 2odt sort en version 1.3 - !LINK! 
you got it ! 
the humble indie bundle is back ( right on time for christmas and the holidays ) !LINK! 
original quote by tim jackson : !LINK! 
link : speed up your javascript - !LINK! #performance #javascript 
link : if it was my home - visualizing the bp oil spill !LINK! 
this is hard . #seth #fedora 
comfort . people will choose comfort over anything . 
!LINK! 
link : recognizing and avoiding common open source community pitfalls !LINK! 
verifying myself : i am abompard on keybase.io . mv9az5lhxh2fba4binjw - ocnk 1hr6oiw0 - 6a / !LINK! 
happy birthday , my dear , blue-haired friend :-) have fun this year ! 
link : well done b . p ... ( the big picture ) !LINK! 
just back from my new hire orientation days for red hat in munich . great time , with great people . glad to be on the team . 
link : avatar plot fail or observation win ? ( fail blog ) !LINK! 
#blog : all is emptyness , mr anderson - !LINK! 
link : what happened to yahoo !LINK! 
: invite ? 
link : piracy : jesus did it ( boing boing ) !LINK! 
with scrooge in the picture ? or bill gates ? ;-) 
tiens : !LINK! 
thanks aslak ! 
kde 4.3 ... miam ! 
about to board in the plane to paris ! 
un principe de base . 
this is our currency . #flocktofedora 
" freeloader " is my middle-name 
rt : maybe cloud computing is right analogy . beautiful , when present ; yet ephemeral ; not permanent ; useful , yet whispy 
yeah we're waiting on mm3 . a couple bugs left to fix ( but big ones ) . 
we're in the restaurant queue , michael has his red hat . 
« it is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit . » – harry s . truman 
or the queen will have your head ! @ alice underground !LINK! 
link : how to improve ' twilight ' immensely ( dédicace et hélène ) !LINK! 
link : tribute to patrick swayze !LINK! 
extreme cuteness 
well , who else than a bank would want to make you feel they're towering upon you ? #rochester 
i'm almost disappointed not to get a badge every time i touch something in #fedora ;-) #spoiltchild 
today is my 1 - year anniversary with #redhat . it's been fantastic so far , great colleagues and very interesting work . full speed ahead ! :-) 
#geek time : 08/09 / 10 11:12 : 13 
oh no , i'm in mordor ! i expect sauron's eye to appear any time now . 
for #climate skeptics : !LINK! #ecology 
so , new rule : i usually make sure what i publish on facebook is at least marginally interesting to someone . this will not be the case here . 
link : on the ipad ( alex payne ) !LINK! 
there you go : !LINK! 
ommegang abbey , kasteel rouge , st bernardus , et golden monkey . 
