there's no better start to a day than a brisk run with a fast dog :-) 
medicaid opponents propose ridiculous argument mcaid * harms * health via online first 
ocps are oral contraceptive pills ; i didn't pay attention to twilight but i did do my homework and ... 
i love skiing backwards ! can you tele ski ? 
the best i have to offer you / is not a 99214 / but an awareness / or awakening / to the health within your core #gogyohka #micropoetry 
great article on physician stress by !LINK! 
ty for the rt ! you cutie pie in your adorable hat ! 
yoga works great for pain relief but it requires more personal investment than swallowing a pill 
primary care provider pcp 
anyone for cupcakes ? !LINK! 
there are a lot of misconceptions out there . #hcsm 
i wish i could have made it ; i was busy w kids that night 
this man averted a cliche " midlife crisis " and instead , morphed into an ironman rt !LINK! #healthepeople 
all i know is sweaty things happen in the surrey with the fringe on top 
you don't scrape / the crust of frost / to peer inside / my heart-window ; / you steam it off with your warm breath #gogyohka #micropoetry 
i'll third that , esp the shiraz rt u should eat more like me ! incredibly healthy foods and shiraz 
considering leaving clinical ob ; pursuing mba or jd to combine w md skill set ; what would ur vote be ? 
are your breasts getting tender ? is your belly protruding ? 
he makes me happy for now . he got me a #soulmate talisman . !LINK! 
: my #penisfriday patient : heroin user w severe anemia declines blood transfusion due to risk of hiv / hepatitis #irony 
oh dear here come the laxative spammers ... 
sounds almost as classy as wearing pajamas to the grocery store 
thank you for listing me in " just plain interesting " ; i'm honored and humbled . 
the average us woman is 5 foot 2 " and the average weight for a us woman is breaking the 200 lb mark . 
cultures who fear woman's power and creativity respond with devices like burkhas and female genital mutilation ... very scary 
in the practice of medicine these days i'm drowning in fat and denial . i can't fix either with my rx pad or my knife . 
ya if u wanna see a foreign country , no need to look further than utah , land of zion 
thank you ! i thought we would never address the fart epidemic ! factually anomalous retweeters ! 
i liked your stare and your adorable smile ! miss those ! 
they are very proud of their intestinal function ... 
mostly work stress , life ; and you ? 
that's hilarious ! welcome to private practice ! what's the icd 9 for vicodin craving ? 
any tips on dealing with the male shrew would be appreciated . there's 1 who wants to burrow under my skin and suck my blood . 
perfect popovers baked with love for son with sore teeth after dentist !LINK! #homemaker 
t1 : industry funded cme has zero credibility imho #mdchat ; i pretty much ignore industry funded cme 
ya , at least she's got a good home now . 
all us docs have insurance ; probably why people are so sue happy 
the most impressive mi pt was a woman who inserted a light bulb in her vag and broke it 
ya , utah , land of outliers ... 
optimum pregnancy spacing for maternal and fetal health is 4 years . !LINK! 
i could never live up to ghandi or buddha ... jesus ... maybe 
check out ' s phenomenally well-written post on rape www.thealphapussy.blogspot.com 
i'm guaranteed to drop dead before 50 : cancer , stress , etc . so much for triathloning . 
are you signed up for any ' 11 ironmans or tri's yet ? 
sounds completely rational to me 
ya will just keep at it , eventually she'll get it ... 
considering what she survived , she is amazing . since when did we start judging rape victims ' appearances ? 
mind the little pink / things for they may grow up to / be lethal weapons #haiku #blackbeltpoetry 
do you have incontinence or prolapse ? share what works for you and what doesn't !LINK! 
i used to enjoy people until i had to please 30 a day ... now , not so much ; the entitled whiners are over-running the world 
is that your bunny ? real bunnies are sooo much more adorbs than twit bunnies 
great ! made macaroons tonight ! !LINK! soon to dip in chocolate ... 
the lesson learned : the person you meet in the first 3 months is the best they have to offer ; most adults do not change 
still pulling that fourniere's gangrene trick i see ... how was ur pf ? 
would love to ! 
red_rum ... red_rum ... red_rum ! ! ! 
go for it ac ! 
yes u have a sexy wrist , remember i have bizarre tastes , like i like veins ;-) 
gives new meaning to term " blue monday " ; rt ah yes . the smurf maneuver 
quality on-line cme available via board recertification and specialty societies , e . g . abog / acog t1 #mdchat 
for example , how does one say , " puje mas fuerte ! " in sudanese ? 
night * tucks you in * 
i would not recommend marriage to anyone : sperm bank + nanny = less hassle , less expensive , less thankless 
where is the carina nebula ? i assume it's in the deep space ? 
if asshatectomy is analogous to hemorroidectomy would one be better off consulting vascular or general ? 
thanks dana , haven't seen you in a while . ya , repubs will lose this nov because they're busy alienating 53 % of voters . 
thinking about getting ipad to read newspapers 
i graduated from swarthmore college and temple med . i heard twilight zone music playing when i read your bio . 
ya if only i could speak deutsch 
could have been a gastroenterologist too . i consideref getting a volvo w vanity plates " vulva " but my son has to drive my car 
srsly ? sounds like the ball nippers are in order . 
wow you've been married 22 years ! congratulations . champagne bubbles to you and your hubs . strong work ! any secrets to success ? 
{ expresses deep appreciation for } a thoughtful man #ww this man 
ya , it was a rhetorical statement , i live in utah , saw ppl target shooting w / semi automatic weapon < 1 mile from i80 
hi yuki ! ty 4 the follow ! first stop vet ; next : park ! !LINK! 
well you're not my psychiatrist , are you ? trade ya ! * extends tootsies * 
u wld have luvd bodies exhibit in lv : then entire circ syst inj'd w / colored latex susp . in lucite . #vascsurgeon wetdream 
hospitals and corporations will hire pa's , just as they are doing md's 
what's the more appropriate preop med to fortify you for #penisfriday--vagifem or viagra ? 
but how many of those are flesh and blood ? 
i'm doin great ! how are you gorgeous ? made pad thai for dinner tonight !LINK! with ... 
ah , then way past my bed time ;-) 
wow ! you go girl ! beat death to death 
no wonder when you see women here tweeting underwear pics of themselves and bragging abt their waxed / spangled genitalia 
hey et ! how goes your workout routine ? how's sandie - e - go ? 
cool ! 
look what jake brought me !LINK! think he's trying to tell me something ? 
hello senator . ty for the follow . i'm peeved about the welfare debit cards being used for booze and adult entertainment ... 
thank you ! fecund is as fecund does ! ;-) 
did you hear the interview with billy collins today on npr ? 
the fact you even know who chekov and nietzsche who were , much less what means to quote either , makes you an automatic follow 
i love cooking great food for my kids ; miss them on nights they are at ex's ; upside : i get to eat cheerios for dinner guilt-free ! 
dear pregnant patient : if you want elective induction or cs you may triple your delivery costs ; who do you expect to pay ? #think ! 
sweet ! looks positively bucolic . 
t1 : i do most of my cme on-line , bypass meetings , advertising , industry-funded anything #mdchat 
ur new avi : adorbs ! 
that's exactly how i imagine a ketamine " nightmare " to be ! 
hmm , i thought about buying a crate . i transformed the basement into a " pet room " in which the damage done can't be conse ... 
2 . contributing to world peace by ending cultural violence against women ... 
thank you for listing me in your poetry . i have a soft spot for " friendly miscreants " . 
only a democrat would advocate compassion for lepers 
ur welcome , ty 4 sharing ur poems 
what are the mounties ? cops on horses ? 
i sit outside w her and jake until they're ready to come in 
medicine in the us is now a free for all for law suits , practice here sucks ; did not always used to be this way 
supratentorial ; allergic to life ? ... 
zomg , sounds even worse than pajama jeans ! 
congrats rh2 
on having 4 dogs ? 
can't stand brittney , esp in the o . r . 
nive legs ! 
hand him the remote and a bag of doritos and you'll be set 
i won't be surprised at all if it turns out the az nutjob shooter purchased his automatic weapon in utah . 
why are utah legislators voting to make an automatic weapon the " state gun " ? #can'texplainidiocy duh 
dwob =D octors without borders 
" mom , i'm really good with a knife , " 10 yr old daughter slicing mushrooms !LINK! ( she's modest too ... not ! ) 
ya , i test drove the audis and the volvos . the audi felt like a plastic toy to me . the volvo feels like a tank . 
sounds like you should be drawing condom cartoons 
incivility / runs rampant in cyberspace : / we're not in kansas #haiku #micropoetry 
ty so much for the generous ww and rt's hearts to you ! 
depression is a bummer and to be taken very seriously ; 1/2 my job is gyn-ob ; the other 1/2 is treating ... 
cool to finally have the ear of the guy who writes the checks 
nice article but it forgot to mention the man cleaning up after himsef rather than make her clean after working a full week 
i don't think i'd take the risk ; sounds like jared loughner's parents were in denial abt his illness 
try try again ; how old are you ? 
cool pics 
sounds like you had a bang up day ! how did your column go ? did you have a date ? hugs xx 
you just hit it on the head snitty ! as usual girl , you * nailed * it . 
did you bump into anyone famous at toussaud's 
like ur new avatar ; your hair is longer , adorable 
any minute now i expect a lightning bolt from moroni from his perches atop the spires ;-) 
rude awakenings ( 1/3 ): in 4 days my son is eligible to drive ; and my daughter is exhibiting telarche ! * yikes * 
would like to make a chocolate peanut butter pie for xmas for my step dad . any recipes ? 
yes something about accidentally bumping into meeting your soulmate dissipates cynicism :-) 
a great medical museum ! now i must off to leeds ! would love to see that museum . 
naah , putting out just attracts trash 
gracious conversationalists #ff 
all that remains / of castles she built / on the shores of the sea of hope / are salt-bubble tears / arising from the sand #gogyohka 
you've had some really great stuff tonight . strong work ! 
ambitious pussies are very charismatic 
he was home all day while i was at work and he didn't pee in the house ! such a fantastic doggy ! :-) 
and , as and will tell you , i've been known to disappear for months at a time with irl endeavors 
i think steak and bacon would cause a frenzied furry tornado--and that's just the kids 
unexpected malodoroia brown stuff is also cause for concern 
it's just cool to have the guy who earns six figures see it my way : big things can come in petite packages 
more #healthepeople rt the triathlon journey – the chart - !LINK! blogs !LINK! via 
no matter how much i try to like them , vid games bore me after 5 mins ; tried to play the new lego hp w my daughter , yawn 
these pics worth 1000 words rt 24 ways to lose weight without dieting !LINK! 
sounds like you're experiencing electronic device attention overload disorder 
you two are dear souls . 
pink and purple ! hot stuff ! 
" breathing in , i calm my body / breathing out , i smile / dwelling in the present moment / i know this is a wonderful moment " thich nhat hanh 
great blog posts on hc issues : !LINK! by 
lasvegas , believe it or not " i don't like the flashing signs with inappropriate pictures " - 10 yr old daughter on las vegas 
must have disclaimer ; just like written informed consent #mdchat 
thank you , that site is great , tons of info . i would like to see the dsm modernized the diagnosis . 
ya , but the news can be traumatic ; maybe the food network or the weather channel or tlc if stacey and clinton are on 
i love a renaissance man rh2 ; was wondering where your painting had got to ... 
happy to spread laughter 
is " hellopoetry " like " hellokitty " ? pink but with big i's ? 
and don't try to tell those guys in the speedo suits to eat less and exercise more or you risk being burned at the stake ... 
basking ? don't you mean gas-masking ? 
sweet ! how are you liking your new ipad 2 ? 
if my expectations were any lower i'd be dating a dog . i now expect a man i date to have a job and a college degree . 
bbl my sweetie is here ! going climbing ! 
he essentially said " my way isn't working so let's try binkley's " . 
are you still in equador ? 
what's worse than a grumpy old man ? a young one afflicted with tba ( terminally bad attitude ) 
american women want elective c sections and inductions . afghani women are lucky to just make it through childbirth alive . 
" attitude of gratitude " great quotes from tae kwon do class . 
well , compared to dogs , bunnies can be toxic narcissists . beware of bunnies , rabbits and other redundant rodents . 
she's also quite proud of her blow jobs and can probably give u some referrals ... um we * are * talking abt pet grooming - - or not ? 
just be careful around serial peeps ; when they're done using you they'll probably lock you in the trunk 
thank you for listing me in " powerful women " you are a sweet princess candy ! 
i wish you the best with it 
thank you all for validating my choice of dog over man . i'd tweet you a pic but he's sleeping on my arm :-) 
only until they're potty trained 
good night may you have / sweet , creative , poetic / inspired dreams to write tuck-in #haiku for jjvp 
indeed ! beware of cute rodents with big front teeth ; they may turn out to be blood-sucking monsters ... 
no need to mince words ; how do you really feel about medifast ? 
i have missed you so , love ! where have you been ? ! ? ! ? ! i think we should co-author a book : the androgyny of new barbie #psychogyno 
dog can keep up w me but have not met a man who can ; my roi on time / energy higher w dog 
i'm totally clueless , see what i mean ? 
if i come to oz do i get to meet the wizard ? 
is it snowing cheese ? 
i would be immemsely flattered if a man wrote a poem likening me to a rose , would not be " outta there " 
yes my border collie tries to herd everyone including my dobe mix : here is penny snoozing !LINK! 
and here's dessert for u : !LINK! 
i like your dream list with the " set " and " achieved " dates . good job ! i hope you achieve them all . 
#ff and for two of the most beautiful and generous souls on twitter 
what if you don't believe in the hereafter ? 
ty for listing me in " twitter diamonds " and for rting my poetry ranee ! xx 
thank you for sharing your ways with words 
can you please explain y when people try to bleed to death they always pick the middle of the night ? 
" fatigue chemicals " accumulate in your body at the end of the day , producing a physical need for sleep 
hi storkdoc ! nice to see you back ! haven't seen you in a while ! xoxoxox 
spill about ur hope-filled day ! 
great stuff lately 
3 . what it would be like to make home made cotton candy w my daughter ; ... 
check out !LINK! by if you enjoy vivid metaphor and excellent art #ff 
does that mean posing " raw " on a bed of rice and seaweed ? 
way more attention is given to male sexual dysfunction compared to female : lots of horny men , women who could care less 
well , attached is doing well , considering the mercury reading there 
i think impending death has a very distinct odor ; kind of ketonish , sickly sweet and salty , how would you describe it ? 
... complement each other ; so far jake is dominating her but as she gets bigger i think they will even out ... 
where did you work as a surg tech ? i did my residency in denver many years ago . 
i think i blocked more non bots tonight then i can ever remember #crazyviolentrightwingers 
i just block the idiots ; there are so many people on twitter , they will be easily be replaced in my timeline by uplifters 
i think peoples ' emotions can be detected by odor as much as by body language 
it's probably other spambots 
the book looks hilarious . will definitely read it . unfortunately speaks truth . real men / people say what they think . 
ty for the rt , i feel like it was one of the best things i've written , hearts to you 
thank you and dh ! very helpful ! 
after that you can graduate to one word tweets 
birth and death are not a good combination ; glad you're ok ! hearts to you ! 
ok : 9921choc 
that makes no sense to me ; why should it matter what's in ur dm's ? 
lol ! what flavor ? 
i second that notion ! seeing 30 pts a day gives me chest pain #mdchat 
have you seen this guy ? md chef , offers glueten free recipess ? !LINK! 
professional sports are replete with sociopaths who deserve a special circle of hell , witness m vicks 
wow ! so glad to know i am not alone ! hearts to you ! 
the bigger question is why aren't you and drmrsburbdoc snuggling in bed ? 
coconut rice pudding topped w mangos for dessert !LINK! 
were you trying to match in surgery ? 
as long as they provided 1 ampule of iv valium as seizure salad side , you're in good shape ; if not , request transfer 
#tweetforliteracy #tweetforalliteration 
ty for all the rt and #ww : 
and on a yellow plate ! the side dish's ensemble complements her colors ; stacey and clinton would approve 
xoxo your tweets are always music to my ears #ff 
that's one solution , as is inserting ice pick into ears , or just discontinue the relationship ; last choice least self mutilating 
mammals deprived of sleep die sooner than those deprived of food . jm siegal , nature ' 05 
ur probably going to start getting dm's from twitter sluts who want to give you a blow job ; but then you may not mind that ;-) 
don't feel bad , my memory is shot too , what with kids , medicine , lack of sleep ... or maybe it's just old age 
wow ! fantastic ! you are awesome ! wish you were my patient ... 
the fact vick won comeback player oty award proves if u have enough money the nfl overlooks sociopathy 
it's not the size of the words , my sweet , it's how you use them ;-) 
when i add my son to my auto insurance policy my rates will triple ; but on the upside after getting the volvo my own rate dropped 
figure skating is artistic athleticism , although all skating is very athletic 
you wrote it here : !LINK! 
ya it's kind of hateful to be in such denial abt being overweight you'd risk the health and life of your unborn child . 
14 works for me ! venue ? 
thank you for the rt of the poem . 
perhaps life is sweeter without added sweetener . 
needy , dependent , lazy , unemployable men - - no thank you 
ty but you're not palming the moderator job off this curmudgeonly gynecologist ;-) 
i love ur post on personae and writing !LINK! 
thank you ! i think she's a dobe mix ; that's what the shelter ppl said--must be red dobe ; she's got a sweet disposition ... 
hi santa , check my thread from a few days back to see a bunch of reasons #howiknowsantaisreal 
you changed your avi again ! you just keep getting more gorgeous ... :-) 
does anyone here have any experience / success w " litter qwitter " or some other system to toilet train kitties ? 
one would be a fool to decline a bout of good sexual discourse . plus : no risk of contracting vd ! bring it on ! 
are they sugarfree ? consumable for diabetics ? 
how's you ? 
pregnancy and the cycle of obesity : 54 % of women aged 20-39 are overweight or obese . pregnancy obesity is associ ... !LINK! 
it was quite morbidly introspective and he concluded it contemplating his penis 
thank you for sponsoring the legislation . what about disability fraud ? people who get disability who don't have any illness ? 
that's hilarious ! pups do love lotion don't they ? your pup is gorgeous ! 
ya , it's a perfect storm . 
indeed ! how does one tell a nerd at first glance ? 
g night good tweeple . ty for the convo & rts 
you're describing a tn ( toxic narcissist ): combine it with lazy , uneducated , and you have : * completely radioactive * 
ya , i've had very bad pf for 6 mos now , rec'd one steroid inj , helped for abt a month , casting about for other options 
adorable knee hi's ! 
naaa , i don't even have the basic phylogeny down ... 
the nyt article failed to mention private practice no longer a viable biz model due to declining reimb and the incr # of uninsured 
all of the above . 
a great idea ! rt a national license to practice medicine !LINK! 
oh please / don't tell me / your a man / of short / attention span #gogyohka for and 
emily d * rocks * 
and a studly nerd you are ! wear the badge woth honor ! 
i really like your blog . nice to meet another doctor / triathlete . happy friday . 
do you have pix of ur pups ? at the dog park yesterday i met the utah whippet rescue queen . 
ya , witness why i disappear for weeks or months at a time , same old tired topic , banal , profane 
rh2 at the disco ! those hot feet a-dancin ' ! 
so can you " fail " patients who overeat , smoke , drink too much and disabuse themselves ? 
most peeps who come in just want someone to listen to and validate their experiences . other stuff 2 ' ary 
friends have been telling me i look too tired and too thin so i'm trying not to overindulge in chai , much as i luv it ;-) 
thank you , i did all those stretches and none of them helped much . what's worked best : downward dog yoga asana . 
trying to unwind from all the adrenaline overload 
great to meet all you new-to-me peeps at #hcsm . ty for the wonderful convo ! g'night 
#ff real men , great conversationalists 
obesity is not a chronic disease ; it's a behavioral problem : too much junk food , not enough exercise . 
i'm quitting ob , seeking gyn only job , any advice ? 
yee haaa ! puppy run in the sun ! ! !LINK! 
you crack me up and every time i see your avatar my mind unconsciously changes the " l " to an " f " . 
gorgeous view ! 
ya , i'm convinced the only really fun and interesting peeps are the one with the axis disorders ;-) 
harlequin dancers / suspended mid-air by threads / of trapezius #haiku #micropoetry #cirque de soleil acrobats 
wld like stats on how many treasury secys this past century were former goldman sachs execs 
how do u explain antimicrobial stewardship to ur average patient ? #mdchat 
do they believe it or are they brainwashed ? 
that's a definite 992169 rt #rulesofburbdoc discovering your husband is bisexual won't fit into a 15 minute appt spot . 
wow your bio is like the come hither to the burned out doc . ty for the follow . 
ya , it's what , 3 a . m . there ? nite ( tucks you in ) 
those " manic depressives " or " bipolars " ( both bizarre , inaccurate terms ) are astute observers of detail ! 
tah = total abdominal hysterectomy ; perhaps you should consider a name change more in alignment with breast cancer ? 
for example how do insurance companies justify spending $ 3 adjudicating every claim dollar ? ceo salary of $ 150 million 
99/100 people who are overweight or obese say " i hardly eat anything . " 
ur welcome ! love ur current avi ! 
" since feeling is first who pays attention to the syntax of things will never wholly kiss you " - - e.e.cummings #poemouttabounds 
stacy and clinton would * not * approve of pajama jeans - - another notch in the swill of american fashion 
however , i support revocation of auto-birth-right citizenship ; one should be born of parents who are citizens in order to be us cit 
there's no remedy / for a man who lays in bed / facing wall , not life #haiku #fuckthetouchyfeelystuff 
it's an inevitable consequence of overexposure to the toxic elements of public 
sorry i block boob avatars 
congrats ! rt i made the cover of medical economics talking about docs & sm !LINK! 
indeed a few choices of mine come to mind , i'd like to have been able to set ablaze 
missed you snitty ! hope this eveming finds you feeling well and full of hope ! xx 
since my dogs started listening to their convo evolved from barking to critical thinking & respectful debate !LINK! 
o ! tmi ! but i know of a slutty rn here who can tell you where to get your pussy spangled & sequined-or were u referring to ur cat ? 
i'm so sorry please send her some of my homemade chicken soup and popovers !LINK! 
hearts 2 u snitty xx rt baking love understanding . / you heal me / growing together we are champions and warriors . / beautiful healer 
my daughter is taking tkd . she had a belt promotion last night ;-) she has adorable pink toes--soon to be lathal weapons ! 
indeed , irl friends have much more draw 
nice beard on that beer ! is it a canadian lager ? 
rt @wongowoman ignoring your kids is just as abusive as beating the crap out of them . 
it would be more gratifying to help women who truly appreciate one's concern , kindness , and skills 
your post reminds me of something i read by thich nhat hanh on the zen of cleaning !LINK! 
bourbon a great cure for sore throat : sterilizes and anesthetizes 
feeling like i make a difference again ; saved a girl's life today , much more gratifying than the tedium of dealing w the worried well 
xxoo med geeks rock ! 
wow ! he's gorgeous ! he resembles my penny a wee bit .. , 
so why so serious ? ! ? 
if there's no wardrobe malfunction involved it ain't a half time show 
my son was playing rach . on piano . #thankful for smart talented polite kids 
that's so funny ! it looks like a dusting :-) 
ooooee ! need shades to look at those zapatas ! hot shiny stuff ! 
i will go to sleep trying to think of a different word beginning with " e " zzzz 
agreed , good plan ! except they probably don't get checked for stds at their current facilities 
i think you should use that pic for ur new avatar ... #justsayin ' 
i'm partial to onomodopoeia ? ( sp ? ) 
hi , nice to meet another uu . 
b / c the banks and insurance companies are all a giant ponzi scheme w us plebes as the b.f.ee ' s ( oops did i just tweet that aloud ? ) 
gorgeous : here's one i started piecing for my h , then got divorced so never finished it !LINK! 
while a lot of guys are sitting around scratching their balls with one hand while clicking the mouse or controller w other 
... to not be pre-programmed for aggression or victimhood 
why does it take a death for politicians to seriously rethink the vitriol ? #fedup this is why i never watch tv news , the stupidity amazes . 
good one ! rt government so small it's hysteroscopic #gopslogans 
ya you can't tweet about controversial topics w / o the descent of the hoardes of vitriolic right wing locusts 
thank you , will relay that to her , not that she'll listen ;-) 
have you run across icd 696.9 yet ? #justcurious 
what a pain in the 
pics please ? 
what is an integrative gynecologist ? 
so the only option is to work around the behavior 
sounds like a blast ! 
here is my poetry blog , which i'm ashamed to say , i have not updated / edited in 2 years !LINK! 
i'm really looking forward to serving the women of west valley city again . the diversity is very interesting . 
that's a sad commentary on peoples ' regard for one another 
i'm just thankful to be a woman in america in 2010 rather than a woman in afghanistan : 25 % death rate in child birth 
the wsj reported it was an auto with a long clip 
the clincher was the insurance rate : the audi would have doubled my personal auto insurance ; the volvo dropped my rate 
nice to meet you too . the writers are the coolest peeps on twitter . 
" about " indeed ! 
the #puppybowl rocks ! 
must be doing something right ; my kids * like * npr , both ask for radio turned on and tuned in , even during fund raiser week . go genes go ! 
guess i should follow the convo more closely . 
lol 
you're such a trouble maker dr harris ! no more speedo pics please ! i cry uncle ! 
is your twitter working ? 
phenomenally gorgeous quilt rt you melt my heart : !LINK! 
it was because u decided to have a brilliant day ( imho ) 
ty sweetie pie , making pecan pie for you . do you like pecan pie ? with real whipped cream ? 
minimizing access to guns reduces the murder rates ; witness european countries w restricted access to guns 
i foresee #aco's enriching medical middlemen / ceo's while degrading compensation for docs who see patients 
well , i'm not a big fan of the bigotry that pervades the tea party agenda . fiscally conservative , socially liberal , unitarian . 
good luck with your school decision ! 
given clinton's dissing of t shirts i think they'd be in the good will pile 
have you noticed a correlation btw the parade of mid-day pajama wearers and requests for narcotics refills ? 
i love my 2 kids , 2 dogs , 2 cats , lake powell at night , and really clean red restaurant table cloths . nice to meet you . :-) 
lv , nv : taking kids to see the body exhibit with grma & grpa :-) 
well pour on the saucy meatballs and lick it up ! 
did you find a local rheum ? pcp ? so you don't have to teavel so far ? 
did you spook the mounties ' horses ? 
holding budget hostage to womens ' health concerns , gop engages in unmitigated war on women # f * ckthegop 
i have to say the docs and nurses and writers are the most interesting peeps on twitter--too many too mention but thank you all 
t1 : it all has to do w establishing your boundaries and sticking to them #mdchat 
i can do a 14 minute c section ; think that will help ? 
no one has mentioned it to me . i have received nothing but positive feedback re my twitter stuff . the ones who dislike it ... 
their love of money supercedes any squeamishness toward a particular vice , especially hypocrisy 
she is more mellow than jake but i thought she'd be a good companion for him and me because their personalities 
deseret ... afghanistan in america : the promised land of #polygamy #pedophilia #pornography 
as pa your hours are controlled ; as md , they are not . the per hour dollar earnings are about equal , and in some cases higher 
usually green discharge is accompanied by attitude , tattoos , and the odor of cigarettes 
i stand in awe of being listed in your " in awe of your words " thank you so much ! namaste . 
shame ... you had me going there for a moment .. , 
your eyes radiate / the warmth of a / fire in the hearth / on a snowy december's eve / feels like home to me #gogyohka #micropoetry 
in the machine ;-) not really , nite zzz 
healthcare cuts in us will affect women and children disproprtionately 
wnl , unremarkable , all so boring ; the cool stuff resides @ nether regions of dsm , like the invaginations of cere cortex 
i was intetested in gen surg until i scrubbed into a 7 hour aaa ; decided it exceeded my bladder capacity among other things ... 
oooo goody ! " throw away " is one of my most cathartic activities ! like a house-organizing bulemia ... 
found perfect xmas gift for #totalbastardpcp !LINK! 
the geeks need to run because the only way to save us from ourselves is to have thinking ppl in power 
nice to meet you ; your bio is very interesting ; i love pithy education 
the 70 ' s were cool in a geeky , bell-bottomed , bad-hair kind of way ;-) 
thank you ! i take more pride in and derive more joy from making a warm , safe , loving home than any other endeavor . 
the past is gone , the future never arrives , the present is all that truly exists . maybe that adds perspective ? #anxiety 
only wrote 6000 words of memoir of hellacious decade ; didn't quite make #nanowrimo upside : it's a good start for 2 days writing . 
need to enact / enforce laws for ppl to buy health ins across state lines 
by g d i was referring to great danes 
you write absolutely mesmerizing poems , beautiful xoxo !LINK! 
i love especially the last stanza : rt just wrote this and posted : !LINK! prompted by photo links via 
sublime pic ! 
wondering if it's worth it 
" since feeling is first , who pays any attention to the syntax of things , will never wholly kiss you " ee cummings xx 
tweeting from the dark side is like eating the entire gallon of haagen daz chocolate :-) ) ) 
the drain in the brain runs mainly through the vein 
nooo speedos ! what sparked this madness ! ! ! 
was he a kitty escape artist ? your puppy avatar is * adorbs * too ! 
bonus ! : 2/17 / 11 is a really cool triad of prime numbers 
it's totally addictingly fun ! 
i'll be at copper canyon women's center in west valley starting march 1 ; 801-964-3865 
i bring exercise / healthful eating up all the time . pl don't want to hear it . 
i think that's why i love border collies ; we have the ocd in common ;-) 
fortunately i am blessed with an extensive imagination 
i only go a dr if i'm dying ; for all else : medline . 
slathered in chocolate & bacon , served up rt do you realize the fucking epicness of having april fools ' day fall on a #penisfriday ? 
thank you ! an avid fan of vivid metaphor and dissection ; might say i'm a vivid-meta-sectionist 
blowhards are a waste of time imho 
dog meets pen : dog wins !LINK! do you think the irs will buy the " dog ate my homework " excuse ? 
so your fullway bday is 9/25 ? 
just because it wiggles doesn't mean it's worth the trouble . ;-) 
agreed 
#ff gracious conversationalists of the xy variety 
adorable ! 
after 2 or 3 days of no sleep has the " i hate my job " looming in the horizon . there has got 2 be a more humane , safer way to deliver ob care 
sleep is descending , night tweeples ... zzz 
looks great ! ty for the referral . i'm always looking for good maps and other reads . rt ' mount analogue ' by renee daumal 
keep searching and someday maybe you'll find the fontain of youth ! 
did spanky check the internet forum before he came in to see you , and give you a 10 page print out from the web ? 
i'm thinking of adopting 2 more dogs for a total of 4 . i'm training them for agility and therapy dogs . what is 
any words of wisdom ? 
pic ? 
must be something really yummy under that blankie ! 
agree ! rt ignoring it just doesn ’ t work … !LINK! < ~ ~ ~ a better title could not have been chosen . excellent post . 
are you suggesting monotweetandry ? 
um ... because you have the best cleavage ? 
contrary to forgetting your nemeses , i think acid magnifies them , cranks up the music on them , and paints them wild colors 
wow ! what a great article ! i found the dog whisperer at the pet store : cesar milan ; great stuff ! 
jeggings ? pic ? 
me ? i like rocks and hammers #cavewoman intj 
if intelligent design really existed the cervix would have a sieve to filter out the stupid sperm 
do they need gyns down under ? i'm sick of us hc system and american's solipsism / hypochondriasis 
ceaseless rain / makes even the dogs / lie on their sides #micropoetry 
done driving for now , thank you for asking 
see what i mean ? ! ? ! the ability to reproduce inversely proportional to iq 
you do ? ! ? ! ? ! ( panting ) post pic ! 
half elephant , half dog 
because ppl who use sm tend to filter out what they want to hear #hcsm 
no , he's not happy , but i'm bribing him with treats and affection , stubbornly convinced myself it will eventually work 
i was born in boulder ! where were you born ? 
the only way to keep crazy people from using guns is to lock one up ; the latter are much easier to identify and control 
ur such a sweetie ! ty . but the dream is really a nightmare ; not cynical , just don't like to see innocent lambs led to slaughter 
he's nice but suffocating 
miss real philly cheese steaks 
in dog i trust !LINK! 
btw thank you . with giddy as a first name and what looks like sand hollow or powell in background , you have to be a cool utah peep ! 
if metaphor makes a woman hot , is she a metaphor metawhore ? 
america , binging on seven deadly sins #sixwords #micropoetry 
g'night , sleep tight , don't let the vegemite bite 
except for . his 2nd brain is betw his legs ;-) 
nice to meet other poetry-writing , cycling , unitarians :-) 
you're welcome ! ty for your convo and interactivity ! 
sounds like deep tissue massage is in order 
real men write poetry that cuts to the heart like a warm knife thru butter ;-) 
i assure you my toes are impeccably clean and smell only of fragrant flowers * wiggles metatarsals * :-) 
now that she's diagnosed herself how are you going to treat her ? 
srsly ? all those audis i looked at were * way * too small for serious pashin 
i think o / d'd on cialis ; perhaps he should take 2 condoms and call you in the morning ? 
30 ' s ! ur such a young-un ! happy early bd to u ! 
mostly overt racism against president o 
beware of the dick-balled platysma-pusses 
happy 4u ! mine is beyond twitter and beer ; i don't have 2 more decades of ob gyn left in me , #beernotafix 
just calling a self proclaimed spade a spade 
best economic time in memory were the clinton years 
nice guns ! rt i need to introduce you to my friend she is training for a competition in vegas in a couple of weeks . 
7 dogs + 12 cats = 19 . at least it's a prime number . bonus ! 
i think canadian managers are probably several cuts above american ones as the general iq seems to be higher in canada 
your cat has a great expression on his / her face . 
grilling this !LINK! in this : !LINK! #gotguts and #iain'tnopussywhenitcomestogoodmeat 
there is a special circle of hell reserved for rodents and whores who presume to live off the sweat of another woman's brow 
emotions r the basest motivators of human behavior and some of the hardest to understand . * love * the complexity , mystery , deep goo 
good ! i'm writing a book on how insanity drives one to twitter ! perhaps we can combine our books for double the advance ! 
follow anytime advancing healthemen 
this cat dominates his universe !LINK! via @guykawasaki 
lost within your gaze / adrift upon your kiss / having sought you / through the years / finally met my bliss #gogyohka #micropoetry #love 
reimbursement rates . also surgeons have a 3 - fold higher suicide rate than the general population 
i love you clinton ! and i wear luckys ! size 2 ; no pj jeans 4 me ! will u marry me ? ! ? ;-) 
pt comes in w cc : " i was on the internet forum for ( insert diagnosis ) and now i want [ $ 2000 worth unnecessary ] labs " 1/2 for 
working naked conveys confers a whole new meaning for nsfw 
good night everyone ! 
to me sitting still feeks like death ; everything slows to a halt 
sounds delish ! recipe please ? 
what ? #mdchat 
all over : germantown , ambler , narberth ; even palmyra nj 
everyone is doing pretty well , thank you woof woof ! wag wag ! 
what software does he use for video editing ? 
and penny picked me ( in utah the humane society puts adoptees in the petco stores on wkends so suckers like me will see them ... 
g night tweeple . 
pup is at home w his warm snuggly bed , food dish , etc . i took him for long walk before work but won't be surprised if pees 
at least you're attempting to fake it ; i'm perennial scrooge >:-/ 
instead of sticking to a plan mutually agreed upon mos in advance the tn upsets apple cart ; kid reaps consequences 
i don't like vagina questions from neighbors when i'm home in my garden so i discourage them #mdchat 
wordpress should be able to filter / block your spammers 
a dog also does wonders for the dreads , but dogs require greater commitment than chocolate 
if you can't reason your way out of a cardboard box , don't be surprised when you're living in one 
ca being canada , not california 
or will a case of etoh suffice ? 
i know we could all meet in sf and do a napa wine-n-bike trip ! 
i'm not cyclical ; i'm episodic based ;-) 
“ chaos in your soul gives birth to a dancing star . – nietszche ” 
: yes why did mcaid deny treatment for 3 cm condyloma in preg woman ? 
good night and may we all awaken to whirled peas . 
corn bread and honey ? ! ? a gastronomic orga * m ... 
yes ! climbing w a totally sexy nerd at momentum :-) 
i haven't been back to boulder in eons . lived in glenwood springs for 14 years , moved to ut last year 
sounds like every day in my office 
tried to lighten the load , but the load is hanging on to my leg like a bear trap ... waiting for me to drop dead ? 
how did vascular surgery in the 18th century go today , mate ? 
other than incessant snow / rain , things are good ; you ? 
i'm on call the sf weekend ; plus too much going on w kids in may 
one more : his glorious fingers glide across the keys in a grandissimo glissando ( i think you helped me find my g spot ! ) 
lots of research on the connection between excess fat and inflammation . our western diet : prescription for disaster ? : !LINK! 
snitty i always knew you were a woman with too much class to tweet about her a * * unlike some other w * * * here 
there's plenty of abb and luv for all ! 
ok , verbal description ? 
navy + college = 2 pluses right there 
best wishes for your job interview . #mdchat 
haven't been there since 1992 ; currently inhabiting the beautiful but bizarre land of joseph smith / brigham young 
looks great gregg , have you seen it ? 
and 5 . a romantic world travel with a man with a high iq and healthy self esteem ( plus a zest for life , a passion for fitness ) 
she sounds like my jakey ; he definitely has herding genes ; he herds penny when she's outside trying to pee 
well this is a new age and now we must do as much with 140 char as prev gen . did w 140,000 words ;-) 
a key rule of good story writing is to use details . good story writers invent good details . 
how many exclamation points does it take to make a haiku factorial ? #haiku #micropoetry 
winter's first snow ; potato cheese chowder #sixwords #micropoetry comfort #poetry 
great snow , great woods , fabulous white dog 
manly-men #ff 
yes , working on a spoof of the raven ; roget's and webster's in hand trying to extract blood from the page ;-) 
ty for the #ff and mentions . 
another great payoff for time spent on a blog : you can print out your own pt educ handouts from it #hcsm 
; have u read much carl jung ? 
but i can think of lots of other activities for snowy april days 
funny , my black border collie is named jake 
nice to meet you as well , matt ! i to am an avid fan of vivid metaphor . let's share our vmp's ! 
although i understand there are plenty of flds enclaves in canada 
i've raised my standards : no male in my house who lacks waggy tail , fur , four legs : !LINK! 
sounds like a rather limited view compared to my imagination of pashin ; perhaps you could demonstrate ? 
finally finished son's quilt ! !LINK! 
good luck ! take your folic acid and * avoid stress * ! ! (; - ) ) 
ty for rting my love poem . hearts to you . 
60 % of my patients are overweight / obese as is 60 % of the reproductive age female population 
you're adorable :-) 
you left the door wide open for a really raunchy one liner there #justsayin ' ;-) 
there's a place where that view is framed by an overpass and you see it just as you're cresting a hill--too cool ! 
uh oh . now the pressure's on to make it really * great * . 
ur welcome ! ty for sharing ur beautiful writing 
he is still a practicing ob gyn ( who openly hates women ) . fortunately i know lots of great other male obgyns . 
in that case , " let a sleeping dog lie . " 
ya theoretically it is treatable ; problem is , most paranoid schizos resist taking medication ; many need institutionalization 
canine progress report : i'm training my dogs to do agility and be therapy dogs . we are progressing well . we are now on stand-stay . 
with paycut here , mcare / mcaid i could make more per hour as nurse than doc 
yes , she's the philisopher !LINK! 
#ff great women , conversationalists 
wow ! she has gorgeous hair ! 
ya right , where's the data on that ? 
sheesh btw rh2 ' s gams and snitty's bare shoulder , twitter's doing a hotness boomerang tonight * boing boing * 
wow ! huge chest ! for that i'd take hi bmi ! ( except too hard to run with ) rt " but my bmi was always higher due to my huge chest " 
you're quite welcome . thank you for your ever so informed and erudite tweeting ! 
#ff great xx conversationalists 
thank you for listing me in your poetry list :-) xx 
yes it aired on the 5 pm news :-) missed it though because i was still at work . 
i'd like to meet darwinius laidbackadus , does he come with a nice backasideass ? 
the hirsuit ones are usually nice ; it's the twitching skinny meth heads you have to be afraid of 
which is easier / to bend ? / wire or words ? #micropoetry backatya 
zomg yes ! i know your pain ; absolutely * horrid * to live with ; have u met , another survivor ? 
adorbs ! he appears to be pushing the camera button with his nose ! hilarious ! 
wael ghonim has a tremendous amount of courage #egypt #google 
he was just testing you in case you thought men didn't do all their thinking w their dicks . 
ya but in a good way ;-) 
crazy busy ! no bathroom break for 6 hours , coffee unfinished . but i * love * pioneer in wvc , utah . great patients ! top notch staff ! xx 
as long as it's not exploding you're in good shape 
i'll quit looking at ur ass if you'll quit looking at my lats :-) !LINK! 
as long as your food is color coordinated with your dishware you're ready for prime time ;-) 
perhaps but i'm not going to let that " coward " me into not expressing my opinion . 
read your xmas list ; got tired just reading it ! how about a new house instead ? 
me too rt i will listen at groups and then find someone really interesting 
thank you for listing me in " healthcare " ; honored . 
#ff great conversationalists conversationalust ( nsfw , nsfk ): 
who is rh1 ? 
industry funded cme can be ( i . e . usually is ) cme paid for by pharma / med device co's to promote their products #mdchat 
wow , nice job ! i'm sure mr j will enjoy it 
if you care what docs are thinking check out 
still working on it . venue ? 
still battling pf ; gaining weight b / c can't w /o; pf and knees getting worse w wt gain ; ugh ! 
wow ! et , gorgeous ! * jealous * 
negativectomy : excising the energy sucking people from your life : downsizing the downers 
six pack abs and an audi would be icing on the cake 
muah , meow , pant , pant , lick , lick back atya ! ( now i have dogs i feel at liberty to do that ) . 
" [ physics ] is a smile on a dog " 
horrifying story 
there is such a thing ? rt so , how did that " clitoris awareness day " thing work out for y'all ? 
i should know , i * am * one ! 
awesome , everyone needs an office bulldog ! 
if it was encouraging the flaming of past burdens , i stand guilty as accused #fierycatharsis 
don't worry abt it ; it's only twitter 
wow ! how do you use a walking foot for circles w a large quilt ? i wish i could--seems like it would make the stitches more even 
;-) it was a metaphor for people who masquerade as adorable and nice , but underneath are users , cynics , dour 
check bbc.com from your phone 
pertininent to sm and nieces : !LINK! 
the oboe is the coolest wind instrument ! ... or maybe the bassoon ... ? or the sax #musiclovermeetsadd 
hi joan , thank you for the compliment ! have a beautiful day ! 
in my experience as soon as a man finds out a woman has a brain , he hightails it out #chicken 
gracious of u but i wouldn't trade this life 4 any ( ' tho i'd like to edit a few things out--trifles like an ex spouse & coworker ) 
especially if that 3 days is 72 hours straight #feelsyourpain #beentheredonethat 
how do you approach the narcotic seeker ? rt as a chronic pain doc i tell many patients rx won't help ( esp . opioids ) #mdchat 
have you met ? 
fails to mention econ . of decreased reimb effect on private prac !LINK! 
yes , and you thought they were just harmless chipmonks muahahahahahahaaa ! 
bouquets of eggs and flowers !LINK! happy thanksgiving #grateful for family and friends 
i love your avatar , did you paint it yourself ? 
to begin work in third world march 1 ( west valley city , utah ) excited ! i can speak spanish but anyone here have tips on sudanese ? 
perhaps the dog got to it ? 
do you use ur ipad to read newspapers ? 
so hilarious when tail wags off butt into doggy hyperspace ! 
ya , american culture raises boys not men 
it was good , love hearing billy collins read poetry or just ramble ... funny , low key , smart 
you can spend $ 200k on a medical education or gpt an advanced nursing degree for 1/3 to 1/2 that and earn more per hour 
been at it 18 yrs ; it's too much time commitnent to people who don't give a damn at the expense of my family time and my life 
mine was phenomenally full of love and tryptophan ! how was yours , sweetie ? 
data : go to glenwood sprinsg , co : walk through l and D: find one english-speaking us citizen and i'll give you a lolliop 
i've actually experienced " microsleeps " during pt visits and while driving after being up all night on call 
case in point hubbahubba dr h rt it is a known fact that vascular surgeons are nicer ( and better looking ) than plastic surgeons 
titty kitty implants ? 
she knits a fine thneed / among the willows and reeds / in the good town of leeds 
that is a beautiful girl wrapped in a gorgeous quilt ! 
formal nutrition counseling , a 1200-1500 cal / day diet , exercise program . and whatever else is appropriate to the situation . 
indeed , live is always better than memorex 
#ff great conversationalists 
have either of you read robert bly ? iron john or some of his poetry ? 
u are welcome to have some if u can get here before the kids polish them off ! 
dog slobber and those waggy dog smiles are an excellent cap to any day ; my pups are getting cabin fever due to incessant rain 
your twitter background looks like the view facing west as you're driving on i - 70 west of denver . 
i wanted to do pediatric onc as a med student but decided i would be too depressed crying over the patients 
you obviously have not yet approached a therapeutic serum etoh level 
didn't see red . was he in the pic ? 
i work in lower ses multicultural area ; ppl seem to be more normal weight than when worked in affluent suburbia 
indeed how does one wrap a penis around abrain lijke that ! ? ! 
thank you and for rting my poetry ! hearts to you ! 
" i want you to want me " ( cheap trick 1980s vintage ) geez i'm old . 
for example , climbing everest without oxygen might be grueling ;-) 
sounds like ur having a good day too ! 
the #neveragain talisman 
srsly ? ! ? obviously i can't even distinguish a geek from a nerd--see ? ! ? i need remedial help in man-picking ! 
moving is awful stress ; good luck ; if it's an x-c move , consider tossing stuff or garage sale , replenish at new abode 
- patient day , then go back the next day for more ? * ! ? * ! ? the only explanation is insanity ... 
yes indeed ! he pulled histrionic grandstanding manipulative antics over the holidays and the kids ' bdays 
where is ur family ? 
medically indicated inductions are acceptable . elective inductions present too much risk to fetal and maternal health . 
impact received by ball of foot supposed to be more forgiving in theory . i tried bfr to alleviate plantar fasciitis ; made it worse 
what does a " darwin stubby " have to do with a vein ? ... oh ... never mind ... 
tasted grrreat ! 
i'll see your doctor and raise you a jd and an mba ! ha ! am i keeping you await yet , good sir ? 
sounds like the aussie version of sarah palin ( loud , narcissistic , thin iq ) 
see what i mean ? case in point : politics on twitter invites negativity 
of course , that doesn't apply to the porno and hard-sell tweeps #hcsm 
is that avi really you ? if so you're way too adorable for your own good 
who cares what jared lee loughner's politics are ? ! ? he couldn't string 2 thoughts together in a rational continuum : he is * deranged * 
good to see you all as well ; all this brain stim is making me happily weary . off to visit sand man .. xoxo 
he can't belay and take pics at same time :-p 
the wealthy lds are all men in my experience . have not met a wealthy lds woman 
i combat my insomnia with exercise , yoga ; it doesn't work perfectly but helps 
yikes ! good to know ... 
if only that were true . nice sentiment , though . check out author john welwood . 
y'all are really wearing me out laffing , really gotta go to bed ; i'm lol ! ( little old lady ) 
solipsism = preoccupation with self , self-absorption , excessive navel gazing 
did you catch the npr story about fmris and dx of mental illness ? 
try this !LINK! 
they should be citizens of their country of origin . no one should be able to get around going through process of obtaining cit'ship 
not if the squirrel is bigger than you and has sharper teeth 
she was homeless and trying to get admitted to psych ward for shelter , maybe not so mi 
totally honored to be listed in the real list . what could be more validating ? thank you ! 
shiny red firetruck / poised in engine house , ready / to pounce out house-flames #haiku for 
ty for the follow ! my son and i love your dvds and i recommend your prenatal yoga dvd to all my preggers 
hey all , taking time off twitter to finish my book on hormones and the brain . you all have fun ! cheerio ! 
it seems like asian diet could be celiac friendly : indian , japanese , chinese 
tired of people expecting quick solution to complex problem and not owning the work it takes . 
the time is on your terms . i'm a high energy person . i love soneone who will get up at 4 a . m . to run w me ; no man i ever met ... 
thank you for the #ff's 
i have categories e . g . the pregnant smoking tattooed toothless leach on mcd who demands u / s every visit ; y not ? it's " free " ! 
beating death is a great reason to go shopping , dontcha think ? esp . for leather 
" heard of a darwin stubby ? " sounds like the good scientist's implement for creating genetic diversity . 
what is fcp ? final cut pro ? 
ashes fit more neatly into the dust pan than manilla folders . here's a match and a bottle of lighter fluid for dr h ... 
gorgeous , serene 
and that line is constantly in motion , isn't it ? 
you're welcome , thank you for sharing your lovely writing 
zen buddhism comes to minds a better choice ... 
thank you to for the #ff twitter luvin ' . xx 
pink saucer / brims with joy / floating on a sea of white crystals , / " mom , this is / my happy place " #gogyohka for pinkiepie peecheequeen 
re " puppy piles " : so many possibilities with that one , i'm left speechless--tweetless , tweetfounded 
so if one does live long enough to see a love love poem or song written to one , what does she do ? keep going or end it all ? ;-) 
short answer ? power play : small minds choose small battles 
do you iphone ? 
now that you bring it up , the bigger problem is being asked medical advice via dm on twitter . 
honored he is my #4200 tyftf rt what is an ultimate freedom quest and is it really worth my time ? ! !LINK! 
you're such a young thing ! 
good morningchippy ! how are you ? 
i have no contempt , just frustration / exasperation at peoples ' dismissal of obesity as a serious health problem and ... 
i refuse anymore / to grind myself to a core / to be your beast of burden / to carry you / and your whore #gogyohka for rodent and his whore 
hmm must be creating environmental xsxn of geeky intellectual / bleeding hrt liberal ? ! ? 
and the smallest ones are in mgmt or politics rt human brains have shrunk over the past 30,000 years by 10 % , !LINK! 
love ur new avi ! ur adorbs ! 
most of them are spammers so there's not danger of hypoxia . 
ty for rt my poetry 
ty for the follow . you look too young to be a grandmother . 
sorry as a gyn i have to have an eclectic appreciation for the olfactory or i couldn't get thru my day job ;-) 
don't know about your pulse , but that sure is an enticing wrist . , . 
righting life requires / not a leap of faith but a / heart of courage #haiku #micropoetry #koyaanisqatsi 
i used to care more but two decades of hearing ppl who have everything whine about nothing ground it outta me 

ah but have you rubbed her feet after she's been standing on them all day in surgery ? 
ya plastic surgery great way to instill confidence in kids and less work than parenting 
i was going to get a dog last aug ( 2010 ) but then i met a man ; he felt suffocating ( similar pattern to tn ) so i quit on men and 
oy vay ! can't take anymore byu tv ; click ! 
what do you think is the hook-up to break-up ratio for social media ? 
any advice from hubby ? 
wow looks like a yummy trip ! where did you go in the mideast ? did you get anything at harrods ? 
does bat like hollandaise ? i made it this morn !LINK! happy breakfast bat and 
do you have any thoughts ? 
it is you i thank for my #totallybitchygynecologist lives vicariously through your #totalbastardpcp , xoxoxo 
i can guarantee you mcaid isn't incentivizing or rewarding parkland for low preterm birth rates 
good luck with your quilt ; i'm still trying to finish this one i started for my son in 2000 !LINK! 
ick sounds like porno 
corollary to your earlier tweet : if you tweet about giving guys blow jobs you're an idiot ; #tweettrash 
now do i sound indian ? 
i couldn't resist that face ; walked into the adoption center , saw that face , and was hooked xoxo 
almost resembles a double wedding ring quilt 
and when i get bored i can play with the valves in my veins ;-) #ilovedgrossanatomylab 
read ur bio , thanks for the follow . honey have i got some tweets re narcissistic relationships for you ! will have to scroll . 
if u mean nauseous at the thot of living here , i get it , freaky place unless you're a tall white male 
quackity quackity adorbs ! 
dogs have a way of bringing us back down to earth #inthemoment 
hey holly , while ur working on ut mcaid reform , tell mcaid patient pop'n they don't need an ultrasound with every ob visit 
well thank you for spreading the " good word " ;-) even if it's not of your own making 
champagne powder / swirling sideways / in salt lake city !LINK! #micropoetry 
* hard * men are a dime a dozen ; the ones who do sports instead of watch them are rare birds indeed 
juat make sure he can't access the porn channel : u know about bunnies and porn ? can be lethal to your cable bill . 
i vote for normal barbie 
good stuff ! rt entangled in weeds - gravestones leaning on the ground - in final repose #haiku 
for hungry tweeps , shepard's pie : !LINK! !LINK! 
are those rocks in your neighborhood ? 
it was a little bit of time over a few years . 
vader / yoda / two sides / of one / coin #haiku #micropoetry #geek lit #literati #latinista #mythos #pathos #ethos 
oooh ! i do ! pick me ! pick me ! 
downside of the jama article on sm is the medical establishment continues to perpetuate the idea that physicians aren't people 
some people lack humor , can't laugh at themselves . i pity them for their lives must be sad . 
hi greg ! nice to see you again ! 
john nash was ps ? 
ya i hear you . differences are one thing . dragging dead weight is an entirely different story . but ty for your perspective . 
thank you ; trying to finish by xmas :-) 
he's kennel trained ; i've only known him since friday . he's well trained otherwise . 
not sure what's worse : skinny guy in jeggings or woman with whalosis in spandex 
are you traveling alone ? 
unfortunately obesity begets obesity by setting up malignant metabolic patterns in the fetus . 
thank you amber . you're a peach ! 
how ' bout rocky road w bacon chunks instead of marshmallows 
been great ! cooking and quilting and playing w puppies and kids * bliss * 
and eso doesn't pay for prenatal care at all 
can you earn a living with geneology ? ( notice i didn't pose same question re poetry ) 
aside : mitochondrial dna really cool : evolution via subterfuge 
wow ! is that from your garden ? 
i traded in my corolla for a volvo to maximize my son's protection as a new driver ( 2/3 ) 
btw , your off-the-shoulder look--meow ! hubba hubba ! ( and i'm not just saying that to get invited ) . :-) 
what to do if you ’ re having a miscarriage : !LINK! #womenshealth #miscarriage #infertility 
too bad , b / c asphyxiation would solve whining and lots of other coexisting , albeit not necessarily related , darwinian problems . 
mmm will u give me recipe ? 
did you respond with an rx for proctofoam ? 
two thirds of reproductive age women are overweight or obese ! 
" peace with every step " ( thich nhat hanh ) !LINK! 
i got their other book too : how to be your dog's best friend 
have you considered #nanowrimo ? 
your artwiculating is hilarious ! 
as long as you remove the metal spoon first , it tastes dandy 
my carotids are 7 yrs older than me and don't know why given amount i exercise , low body fat , and low bp 
gorgeous landscape , bizarre culture 
avoidance is a good strategy for blowhards 
i've been well . just extricated self from crazy toxic situation . feeling tons better . how about you ? 
insurance , private and public , should pay for healthy behavior as measured by bmi , blood pressure , other data . 
thank you for listing me in writers :-) 
i've become * radical * about sleep deprivation . deprive me of my precious little sleep and i " x " out of my life ! grrr 
i love #totalbastardpcp ; he's my alter-ego 
i always thot neuroanatomy was the cooolest 
institutionalization sucks . is part of the problem . 
thank you , i already read that one ? 
did you have a different ave / handle at some point ? you look vaguely familiar ( perhaps just my own deja vu ) 
would be nice if that was a cure for narcissism but i don't think such a cure exists 
thank you for the follow . you helped me hit 5000 . i envy your golf score . 
wow ! gorgeous . 
1 must work with the clay 1 is given ; think effluvia in a metaphorical sense : electronic effluvia : prolific streams of electrons 
imho u shld use this as ur avi ( cropped ) 
na , just resolved to choose more wisely in the future 
finished the macaroons 2 days ago ; finally got to chocolating them but not before son ate half the batch !LINK! 
my introduction to utah was to work with a male ob-gyn who was a self proclaimed bishop , choir member , and hater of women md's 
an #epic day on twitter : topped 5000 and had my 6969th tweet 
nice art work , dr . harris ! 
i love connecting with other high iq peeps on twitter . it's really hard to find high iq peeps in the real world 
ty for the encouragement 
in some cases a spouse fits your definition of a parasite ; recommend sperm bank over marriage 
i know what you mean ; unfortunately the coolest peeps here always seem to reside 1000 ' s miles away :-( 
is he very energetic ? 
now why would the gop actually do those things ? they make sense ! 
how do you perform an #asshatectomy ? ( #vitallifeskills they don't teach in med sch or residency ) 
puppies in th sun / lolling in the grass , being / with just this moment #haiku #micropoetry 
dear ! chocolatus / interruptus ! travesty ! / damn cocoa holster ! #haiku backatcha 
his temerity inspires rt anti-slavery campaigner biram dah abeid arrested in mauritania on trumped-up charges !LINK! 
i had to study that for several mins before it clicked . oh . baby . nice outfit . 
cracked ice , salt desert / melted red rock sentinels / among snow and sand #haiku #utah 
just say " no " to ding dongs in food , relationships , and life : !LINK! 
did you survive start of football injury free ? 
ur welcome ! i love your positive attitude wow ! thanks for the retweet and the compliment ! 
wow i can only hope to be a mere shadow of the grand poobah of bitcherey & bitchcraft : would be interested in comparing notes 
the revenge on life's human malignancies is making big $ off a scathing memoir 
i didn't put any credence in the rumors about utah until i moved here and learned from experience it's all true and worsr 
simple confirmation of my theory : all the cool peeps reside in canada and australia . * wistfully looking on from the u . s . " 
hi et ! how r u ? did u work out today ? 
food network : only place to see a man orgasm over grilled cheese ;-) 
#ff more great conversationalists 
is unfollwing yourself the opposite of chasing your tail ? 
saute 1c onions & 4 cl garlic , add 8 c chopped brussels , 1/2 c chick broth , 1.5 tsp sugar--cook to desired consistency top w pecans 
you're a total workout monster ! congrats ... 
i'm more of an endurance athlete than a body builder 
glad to hear you're feeling better ... :-) 
talk , questions , answers : hormone changes during the pregnancy year : sat 5/21 / 2011 noon . magna rec center 3270 south 8400 west , magna , utah 
playing the " gogyohka back atcha " game ;-) 
home made ravioli ; meat and cheese !LINK! #sixwords #foodverse #micropoetry 
isn't it somewhat subjective , as to how long one takes to breathe ? #gogyohka 
every day is a butt rash day in my world . 
thank you ! it's ena and jake . lovey furry hyperactive pups ! 
the more " pious " the more deviant the behavior behind closed doors 
pink sunset clouds as seen from my office this p . m . !LINK! 
family day : you canadians * rock * 
thank you for the rt's ! of my poems 
just don't go out and lick it ; u might get ur tongue stuck . 
is thaddeus your real name ? 
3 monthsis a difference ? 
which dishes ? 
anything that can raise awareness and help with compliance is a worthy effort #hcsm 
ya : wrap halibut in smoked bacon ; brown in saute pan w oil 2 min , then bake in 375 deg oven 7-8 min ; serve w mashers & veg ; yummy ! 
those are for " barefoot running " 
actually i got stuck at work . let's meet some other time . when r u generally there , mavyn of socyal medya ? 
perfect friday dinner : gourmet burgers !LINK! 
i second that ! long run , hot shower , sweet ! 
try using yfrog or twitpic app 
" i'm sorry to inform you that nasal drip you have is not a cold , rather oropharyngeal gonorrhea from all the blow jobs you've been giving . " 
is it a bipolar closet ? hide the " ugly stepchild " from the fashionistas ... wntw 
that explains a great deal 
notice your grip / on security ; / do you throttle / your spirit ? / banish in exile ? #gogyohka #gpoem #micropoetry 
i've given up on my gov't ; they're all just a bunch of yelling whack jobs who don't actually want to solve problems 
how does one get to be a " sommelier in training " ? is there a school for it ? apprenticeship ? 
where's darwin when the world needs him ? 
with stealth i crept through / transom , nefarious thirst / thwarted : clancular ! #haiku with ' s new word 
same applies to climbing , but no risk of herpetic whitlow ;-) 
the az shooter had 31 bullets remainig in his magazine ; if he wasn't tackled , imagine how many more would be dead 
oh . too bad , or methinks the derriere doth protest too much , nitey nite sleep tite . 
i take it that means you're remaining single . 
happy black dog , white snow , pink mountains , a little slice of heaven :-) !LINK! 
#totalbastardpcp was sizzlin ' hot today ! ty for the comic relief ! rt " see this : what you're allergic to is sanity . " 
gotta learn all this aussie lingo you have a beawdy too ! 
that's quite a pile of chapbooks matt . how long have you been writing poetry ? 
jealous ? i * heart * ' s tweets and tweetie birds xxooxxoo 
do the cats have the cleavage to support that neglige ? 
thank you so much for the compliments on my bio . :-) one thing about twitter is it encourages pithiness . 
pics expand the world of haiku from 17 syllables to 1000 words + 17 syllables 
and the lawyers decide how much the doctors get paid 
welcome to my little circle of hell ;-) 
ur so funny ! that's not much snow for around here !LINK! 
if the mid east can revolutionize despotic society through twitter , surely we americans can transform our health / h'care system via same . 
since i'm not meeting men who can run with me i decided to get a dog instead . he's a sweet border collie mix and his name is jake . 
bizarre perk of being a gynecologist : received year's supply of free tampons in the mail to my home ? ! ? ! ? 
girls ( and boys ) in many cultures are not taught to think for themselves or value themselves 
sequel : the devil shops wal mart rt the devil wears polyester #lessambitiousfilms #lessambitiousmovies 
just kidding . wld never do that to someone i luv as much as u . 
anyone in america who c / o headache gets mri ; and we wonder why hc so $ $ $ ; that't what lawyers have done to hc here 
some people have no lists other than " shit lists " ; such people are best ignored 
happy bday to you ! ! ! 
bbl off to catch baby 
that sounds like a sensuous and spiritual stroll . 
indeed ! rt great read ! how we as americans are hurting our nation !LINK! 
i think all the lol's are un-following me thanks to ( little old ladies ) 
it might if one is an assp ( sss ) 
you are doing some serious globe hopping ; when are you back to oz ? 
yw ! happy friday ! 
yes rt #aco's " capitation on steriods . " 
aha ! a man who's a doggy understudy ! perhaps that's the secret ! 
wonderful to see you too ! 
i would rather experience perimenoause by proxy than in person #speaksfromexperience 
nice to meet you ; are you two one in the same ? 
fart ? 
no gams is antiquated american a la 1950s for legs 
has anyone here ever met a male shrew ? as in shakespearean shrew ? 
wow goalie is a * lot * of pressure . how are your acl's doing ? 
t1 : now when i read an article , even if it's in the nejm or green journal , i check the authors employer bios in the fine print #mdchat 
your dimples and smile / were a joy to behold , please / don't withhold ; be bold #haiku for and #ww 
if you liked dinner , here's dessert !LINK! 
+ 2cats ; * love * my family , all 20 legs of them ! 2 cats + 2 dogs + 2 kids 
wonder how many of those celibate priests have vd ? 
indeed if i have to be a freak a #fitnessfreak is not a bad choice #ocdwhenitcomestoexervise 
no weapon that can kill many people in a few seconds should be honored with the title of " state gun " #utah land of stupid legislators 
well if u figure out how to balance your life , let me know the secret ;-) 
according to the safercar.gov crash tests statistics the volvo xc60 is about the safest car on the road so i got a used one 
goodnight 2u sleep tight 
good luck , plan on an employed position , as many general surgeons are leaving private practice due to unsustainable 
i left glenwood springs in 2009 because there was no reimbursement for ob due to changes in demographics . how is your practice ? 
indeed ! imagine the smirk on the cop's face as he writes the speeding ticket 
if it's 9 episodes of wntw--yes ! ! 
wonder if the same principle could be used for other autoimmune diseases such as sle ... the parasites change il levels 
i think if one were a serious yogi one could write a gogyohka the length of war and peace 
accumulation of adenosine , a mtabolite of atp and glycogen , in part , signals your body to go to sleep ; in other words ... 
same applies to fertility : inversely proportional to health habits , iq , and personal sense of responsibility 
maybe has a cure for excessive whining from the nasopharyngeal cavity ? 
why do i always find the gay one the sexiest ? ! ? 
happy to meet you ! 
phenomenal moon over the wasatch !LINK! 
there's no cure for the grumpies equal to a run with the dogs ! pant ! pant ! wag ! wag ! :-) 
i like the last stanza a lot 
oy jeez ! europe controls access to guns and they have lower murder rates . simple . 
" within you without you " is one of my all-time favorite songs . :-) 
i have 20 yrs experience as md ; giving you my opinion based on my experience in the field 
good move yaya ! 
sweet ! silk kimono ! would only donate what doesn't give u hrtburn ... don't worry abt clinton unless he's coming to dinner ;-) 
but jung rocks my socks off ! ;-) 
i don't know what happened to it . i sent it from my phone . darn , it was good too . i'll just have to send another . 
who is chuck norris ? 
no , it's not you . it's a reference to a past nightmare i endured for 15 years . 
ty 4 the follow . your tweets are very interesting and you seem like you have an iq > 140 nice to meet you #lovesmartpeeps 
a spouse who could clean / house with the twitch of her snout / for that i'd put out ! #haiku hor housework 
agree ! " t2 sm is a pathway for patients to become greater participants in their healthcare . #hcsm " 
hope you had a safe drive ! 
your puppy is * adorbs * ! 
please describe to me your innovative and right-headed solutions to the serious problem of obesity 
indeed , the video cameraphone has provided the little peep with a wee bit of leverage re : bullies , shrew , & other #asshats 
when your children google you : life was so simple when i was thirteen . my mother readily admits it — she had the b ... !LINK! 
re night sweats and dreads ; see forthcoming book and blog posts if i can keep off twitter 
peeps with high iq enjoy haiku #sixwords #micropoetry #haiku ( not ) 
of course like all the * really * cool peeps you prob'ly live a million miles from utah . 
plus , exercise combats the rikkitinski's : fatigue induced by mopey cynics 
why would men need protction from their own estrogen ? they evolved to have estrogen . 
so i just go with whatever the muse presents me with at any given time ; i admire ur ability to compartmentalize this persona 
actually , that was unfair to pudenda ; it's not the pudenda's fault ; it's the whining that emanates from the oronasopharynx 
what not to wear 
i love to see the funny side of 
yes , one must keep all personality tightly contained while inhabiting psych ward ;-) 
mini bitches * * rock * * and may some day rule the world 
time to make waffles for sleeping beauties 
they do enjoy their power trips . sorry to hear abt that . how did you wriggle out of that one ? 
your " todo's " fit on a 3x5 card ? ! ? ! ? impressed ! ! ! 
great job et ! 
do you think bpd is a real entity ? 
actually he likes to chew on the rim for some reason ; it's a big round chew toy ! 
yikes ! 
tv more expensive , less interesting than twitter . 
" mighty cat " petit but powerful ! able to filet a dog in a single swipe of the claws ... 
ooh then it's not so good ; someone must have clicked the wrong box ; you are sure he's not about to have a baby aren't you ? ;-) 
there are virtues to be found among the untidied office and the unanswered emails 
when people are dismissive toward me about concern for their weight i feel like they don't care abt the health of their baby . 
nice job w hornswoggle tweets this evening rt blessed are they who hornswoggle , for payback is a bitch . 
seriously , one of the most romantic nights i can remember was walking under a full moon on crunchy fresh snow in the co mountains 
oooo ! so * adorable * ! 
funny how wall street got bail out at middle class expense 
true , the t & a shots are a dead giveaway 
aside : poking hornet nest exerts positive entropy on follower count . #justsayin ' 
ty for the #ff 
the talent of the writer / brings the sensuosity / and immediacy / of his inventions / to the world of the reader #gogyohka for 
i'm going for the jd-mba adding it to the md ; and studying chinese and arabic ; think i'll be able to find a job ? 
have you tried aspirin and yoga in the a . m . ? either or both decrease the afternoon cytokine peak ( causes afternoon slump ) 
just realiatic after 18 yrs experience in obg : greedy insco , pts , lawyers have destroyed medicine in this country 
anxiety is indiscriminate ; it crosses all boundaries ; even the intl date line ;-) 
my point exactly ; they didn't and no one does have the kind of control or resources to find and lock up all crazies 
what med sch in philly ? temple med here , 1992 . ( ya i'm old ) . imho go for top chef , not md 
love your background , btw , ty for the follow 
" we are healthe only to the extent we are insane " ;-) - 
#ff great conversationalists #ff conversationalust ( nsfw , nsfk ): 
#ff tweets the most interesting links 
aussie licoroce is the cat's meow ! 
who's bill clinton ? ( jk ) 
i would imagine with an #asshatectomy you have to be careful not to spill the purulent discharge 
so does your audi roar to life at the push of a button ? !LINK! " gentlemen , start your engines . " 
" murse " good one ! 
silver - , gold - , and copper - / tinted music / floats from his twelve-stringed / lady-shaped box / as wheat undulates in the wind #gogyohka 
no because you have to put up with their fat horny assess pawing you . i can pay for my own dinner and movie . 
good thing i didn't tweet about tge male organ ... wonder how many spammers hawking ed drugs gets ? 
do you do the sprint or the olympic ? when / where is the columbia ? 
zomg " elide " i think that is a wordgasm 
sounds like you have a case of the dreads ; remedies : chocolate , wine , yoga , sleep , hermitage ... if those don't work , might have ... 
also considered taking him to work w me ; he'd have to wait in car til i could walk him 
missed you gc ! nice to see you again :-) 
the only thing kept me sane in 42 hrs w no sleep was a beautiful walk w the dogs !LINK! 
time to get a dog snitty ; all the affection and twice the fun without the mess and hassle of a man ;-) 
indeed ! i'm doing much better picking dogs & cats than humens 
saw " inside job " : 5 stars : docu abt financial meltdown ; confirms the fed and wall street are one giant ponzi scheme w taxpayers as dupes 
yoga , meditation , exercise all good tools in the toolbox , on really bad nights , still may have to resort to pharmacology 
ty for rt my poetry xx to you all 
so tough it's going extinct 
dreaming twenty-twelve / ends world war , violence , abuse / ushers in world peace #haiku 
over 50 % of md jobs are now hospital funded or employed . private practice is dead . hospitals align healthcare w $ 
my first clue should have been when my tn's high school friends told me his nickname in hs was " hollywood " . i was so naive . 
good idea , travel light 
often when i explain that to the patient in the office , i receive dirty looks , hostility #mdchat 
can you omit the soy sauce , esp . if you make food at home ? 
a bird - not the tweetie kind - more like the bald eagle - strong , beautiful , and rare ... with wings 
so i don't question the therapeutic / spiritual value of weekly expurgation of dust bunnies 
aka utah rt ' ' there once was a time when all people believed in god and the church ruled . this was called the dark ages . ' ' 
yes , the higher ses was more whitebred 
greg , you are hilarious tonight ! 
it's really cute when they want you to write rx for otc meds so mcaid will pay for their hemorrhoid cream . #thieves 
yes , any man as insightful as nietzsche has got to inspire . 
my puppy is smarter than most people ; not only does he understand english , he understands human 
cool tattoo dude 
i have a son who's about to turn 15 and start legally driving next week . 
it's been snowing most of april in slc , sooo sick of it ! 
are you telling me you're dealing with the wet spot ? 
thank you for reading them . i was actually quite sober when writing ; took kids to see blue man group : if u want " trippy " ... 
take a pic w / your blackberry and use twitteriffic / twitpic or some other app to tweet it :-) i'd love to see ur part of earth 
doesn't make sense to me adenosine shld work for psvt ; it's an inflammatory metabolite 
zomg ! ! ! today is ur bday ? ! ? happy bday to one of my favorite tweeple ! 
15 year old boy sweeps 1/2 foot of snow off trampoline !LINK! #determined #thankgodhe'snotlazy 
how did he get an automatic weapon ? ! ? ! 
interesting ... i try to avoid the brand-spam on twitter , not seek it out . 
mcaid pays < $ 0.20 on the dollar for care . mcaid isn't creating the outcome at parkland , the institution is . 
wow , just reached 5280 followers . is there a twitter mile high club ? badge ? patch ? sticker ? 
making macaroons :-) soon to dip in chocolate !LINK! 
i think a sense of smell may be loosely linked to the capacity to have empathy ; or perhaps a marker for empathic capacity 
perty , but i'd rather swim in your day than mine :-) 
it was amazing to see how many nerves are in the gut ; it looked like as many as the brain 
the biggest health and economic issue facing us in the 21st century is violence against women . !LINK! 
getting in touch with my inner monkey at the climbing gym :-) !LINK! 
for example , jake learned the simple word , " no , " in a matter of minutes ; where , despite years of effort few xy humans learn imho 
there was a fantastic peds att'g who was really old when i did my rotation , wish i could remember his name , he's prob ret'd 
i don't think you should be chastised for seeking help from those you find most helpful , in - or out-of-state 
silly ! i was referring to our googly eyed tweets . 
hi doc vj how are you ? 
indeed ! enjoying the company of real flesh and blood peeps 
happy holidays greg ! take care of yourself . 
thank you ! 
a sweetheart ! this dog says " i love you " !LINK! 
thank you for the link ; a wealth of helpful stuff there . 
re : exercise , i take jake for a 1-4 mile run daily , then in the evenings we go play flexi-frisbee 
congrats peggi ! great job , hope algebra goes just as well ! 
because junk mail is metastatic 
global health crisis : male violence against women , children , and other men - share stories of men acting as leaders !LINK! 
ooo the bulldozer is my favorite tool ! 
i * love * bela fleck ; ty for the follow . 
#ff great conversationalists 
witness darth vader , yoda #forceunleashed 
hoping to put it to use re my books 
you look like a great cook * and * you can do dishes ! not to mention ur talent for endarterectomies ... wanna get married ? ;-) 
faving and starring * is * contrived by and for the insecure who need external validation & can't be satisfied w a simple rt 
#realmen don't leach off women 
yikes ! hope not all on the same person ! 
so it seems to be a feature of narcissists to inject last - minute parental drama into holidays and kids birthdays 
in the words of snitty : " off like a prom dress ! " bbl 
now the utah judicial system wants to " make an example " of tim decristopher to discourage others from engaging in civil disobedience #sickut 
g'night all you erudite queens and kings of the twitterverse . sweet dreams . 
stressing abt doing a tv spot on adolescent health this week ; procrastinating . and you ? 
i wish i could offer a cure for the real life idiots , those are tough , i've encountered a few very malignant ones 
ya sometimes i just have to turn the rocks over to see how many pill bugs you can squish #tweetingfromthedarkside 
you're 45 , i'm 45 . you like poetry , i like poetry . you need fed , i have food . you live in south . i live on mars ( utah ) , too bad . 
twitter bff's i'd like to meet irl : #ff 
who is it that's unhappy ? the one who finds fault . - - anonymous 
good morning , sounds like some good weather for brooding some poems with your coffee 
aside if ur daughter goes for oboist she may be bored , but her future is probably more stable ; drummer guy / possible dumpster livin 
i just don't buy it that 2/3 of the us population has a chronic disease . 
xx 
quential ; do you think that is sufficient ? 
phat phingers 
just watch out for the big fat bitches : the jealous ones carry greatest potential for malignancy 
wsj recently reported doctors have the lowest job satisafaction of all the professions , including nursing . 
* gags * that was a cheap trick 
u are quite welcome ! may your weekend be pleasantly relaxing and free of tn 
gorgeous pooch ! 
maybe arizona should get as serious about controlling access to automatic weapons as they are about controlling immigration 
only 10 or 12 ; depends on the day 
asian , hispanic , african cultural diets . not a lot of chips , soda , fast food . 
lmao ! i have no profile pics at all ! and the only person i skype is my mom ... go figure ! 
i re opened a fb account but it's near impossible to find my twitter friends on fb #fbfail 
now if i could combine " elide " and " dipthong " in one poem ; that would be a coup #throwdown meet you at dawn pistols ready 
what physicians aren't allowed to tell the truth ? 
totally givin you s * it coz i know u can take it ;-) g'night , vd ! and bid my adieu to fair lady chlamydia 
more on that story later when i have time / energy to write the blog post on it . 
your cat video was hilarious ! so i have 2 cats , 2 dogs , and 2 kids . no hope for me so i seek an ark . ;-) 
pleasure goes to the / dogs who inhale life's moments / as if each a first #haiku #micropoetry 
and the little spawn are raised by the big ones 
since when did " firmware " replace " hardware " ? what happened to " hardware " - - did it somehow get relegated to politically incorrect ? 
wow 4 kids ! on your own ? busy ! unrelated : have you met snitty ? ( ) she's in ohio too sometimes . 
i love the homey warm feeling of your after dinner milk gogyohka mmm comfort 
sinus rhythm ... wise choice ... better than the alternative ... altho close enuf to nurse cutie to risk trigger v tach 
i see a lot of fgm in , of all places , west valley city , utah . 
i can't believe you know who david whyte is . have you heard him read his and mary oliver's poems ? 
mighty is the power / of the bulldozer / to un-earth and re - bury / the sins of the past / lay the ground for the present #gogyohka 
if you view the dreads as " emotional siezures " , makes sense why anxiolytics work ... 
his vocal range is as expansive as his piano repertoire ; #thankful for super smart talented offspring 
je suis intj . nice to meet you , infj . 
it's more decorous than ftw 
i know guy who lost family over sm / ' net addiction rt exploring antisocial side of sm !LINK! via 
i have a hypothesis that narcissism is associated with a poor or absent sense of smell 
looks good ! bet it felt great ! 
a few feet north and above las vegas : !LINK! 
just don't let clinton kelly catch you--he might put you in his next book ! 
rachmaninoff / peals off / in thunderous sheets of sound / from understated / slender spider fingers #gogyohka 
miss you ! ! xx 
i embrace nerds vigorously ! and peeps who can spell ! firmly about the middle ! 
and the sheer joy of connecting with like minded souls , kindred spirits , scattered around the globe . 
radicalism in any culture is a womb for sociopathy / psychopathy 
#ff and for delightful adult men who find beauty and joy in life's small treasures 
too much fun with words tonight ; where in the heck is ? 
why does our country want to protect guns more than people ? #fedup 
i was born in boulder , co . now live in slc ut . 
do u think " humanoid " is 3 or 4 syllables ? 
take the money & run ! 
no need to , see for yourself here : !LINK! pic = 1000 words 
wha ? 
that'll teach you ! piles returned to secretaries just multiply ! more effucient to dispatch w match + lighter fluid 
wow james , haven't seen your new avi til now - - <3 it ! 
happy is the soul / whose heart brims with poetry , / musicality #haiku #micropoetry 
resting w eyes closed and mozart good too , but sometimes too much energy for that . 
of course , it's imported , not indigenous . 
but people give over their own power to that of pills ... lazy ? 
oh never mind , don't want to dredge up inferiority complexes 
oh my sounds like a sad task in grim weather ; would make you a hot cup of tea with honey in it to warm your fingers and spirit ... 
y'all are some serious hotness 
there's an roi on soc media ? #hcsm 
ooo hi again , gorgeous ! xoxo 
either the stapes or hammer or what are the names of those ear bones ? do i get a free nose job if i answer the q correct ? 
it may be dressed in a white shirt w dark slacks / tie but it's the same boogeyman 
ya no worries , it's all talk , no action . rest in peace . 
" myths of independence " ; " space connects not separates " you're my kind of guy . ty for listing me . 
nice to meet you . my favorite writers are alice munro , mary oliver , lorrie moore , and e . l . doctorow . 
ahh , yes , the ativan pen . like harry potter's magic wand ... or maybe men in black is more appropriate here #mindwhack 
welcome any lds women to chime in to this convo at any time ... 
i would be very suspect if mcdonald's tried to sell me on the healthiness of french fries , i . e . yes . fox / henhouse t1 #mdchat 
cyborgs thrust their swords / at each other's clanculars / in a fight to the death / to access each other's / electronic effluvia #gogyohka 
wish the constitution did but it doesn't because wall st owns the gov't 
both ;-) 
i'm just avoiding the week altogether and burying my head in the snow #scrooge 
do you think the unibomber was inspired by mark hofmann ? 
oooo paranoid schizo is one of my favorites , although the bipolar w psychotic features are much more interactive ... 
obesity in pregnancy increases the risk of fetal death 4-6 x 
tell ppl white food = sugar and you get a blank stare in return . 
but i find clues to a map offered by many talented poets , writers , and artists of all flavors / media 
you're welcome anytime , goodeats here :-) love to feed friends & fam 
what to give hubs for 7th anniversary 
good thing ur job doesn't involve live people ;-) rt i'd never participate in a tweetup because i tend to hate people irl . 
your bio is so timely ; obgyns average age of quitting ob is down to 47 
you ? 
" this is an incredible piece of meat ! ! ! " " intense carniverous pleasure " ( sound bites from the food network ) 
planned home birth in us : 3 - fold increase in neonatal death ; reduced incidence of maternal lacerations , infection : acog !LINK! 
ah ! there u are gc ! haven't seen you in a while ; how was your holiday / new years ? 
womb of nature / imagines , gestates , births / the narwal , the dragonfish / no earthly writer / as fecund or prolific as she #gogyohka 
srsly ! imho dog farts are more lethal than cats farts , but i'm more likely to fall head over heels in love w a big furry canine . 
i wallow in your / id like a hedonist in / a mud bath hot tub #haiku for #grateful for alter egos 
#ff for world is comin ' up roses peachy awesomesauce #gratitudefor #positiveattitude 
ya just want to learn first-hand what was that aussie word for passionate kissing ? 
zealous gynecologists / determined to reduce / preterm birth / nicu admits / neonatal deaths #gogyohka 
check out ' s art ! really cool : !LINK! 
* heartheartheart * border collies ! jake : !LINK! 
read the article ; it's fairly disgusting ; we live in a #sicksociety 
do you know what the people in lebanon think of the events in egypt ? 
" i once heard boots walking around at night . " #howiknowsantaisreal 
indeed i'm a uu ; where else can an atheist go who wants to meet interesting people who give a sh * t and won't push god on u ;-) 
you clearly don't read the obstetric literature on obesity and pregnancy , 
dogs possess a high degree of empathy ; i think their 6th sense vis a vis empathy is associated with their keen sense of smell 
i don't think loving it is enough coz you can love it but grow to hate it when it takes over your life 
the longer i live in zion the weirder it gets ; finished reading under the banner of heaven and the mormon murders 
ya , been doing that ; she doesn't like being outside ; too cold . she stands at the door whining to get back in 
gorgeous ! 
awesome ! are you training for an ironman or a marathon ? 
indeed , sleep deprivation begets the grumpies 
especially if they avoid seeking gainful employment 
the masses don't want to be educated : they want to sit on couch , watch tv , and eat doritos 
check this out : risk of suicide in surgeons 1.5- 3x that of general population . !LINK! via 
great post ; i'm an intj - - nice to meet you rt caring for your introvert - magazine - the atlantic : !LINK! 
did u say food ? dinner : orange balsamic glazed chicken !LINK! risotto : !LINK! 
not sure , don't know if i can make it , don't have may call schedule yet 
ur welcome , i appreciate the help w the pf ; best advice i've recd yet . 
did anyone bring you penis-shaped choc-mac cookies wrapped in bacon today to commemorate pf ? 
ya we could have some serious fun in sf 
hope you had a * fab * bday ; woukd have showered u w indian food & chocolate , had i been there . ) - sb 
wish i could tweet u the aroma ... heavenly 
why is it the nice people in the world get diseases like cancer and lupus and the mean people get money ? 
just don't contract any genetic dysmorphia while ur lolling in paradise , sweetie 
that's an excellent tv interview . that guy is amazing . thank you for the link ! send more . xxx - shelley 
interesting bio ! how does one " recover " from being an attorney ? is there a 12 - step program ? 
all the more reason to delete the facebook account 
from now on i'm not dating anyone whose wardrobe consists only of jeans & t shirt 
my condolences , may you survive ... consider equipping self w gas mask 
you made a great decision . 
how does one do ding dong on twitter ? do you ring avatars and ask if they want to purchase perfume ? 
i think they're depressed b / c they're living under the american taliban 
you must be pregnant ;-) 
i'm thinking of finishing it and giving it to my parents for one of their anniversaries . 
doggie dental hygiene !LINK! jake with toothbrush 
do you have a picture phone ? 
new mcat question : meth teeth , multigravida , medicaid : true , true , true : related ? ( answer :d uh ) 
oh snitty my sweet snitty where have you been ? have missed you greatly ! ! xx read your blog post , excellent ! thought-provoking ! 
soulmate talisman !LINK! 
* love * when chef robert irvine takes off his jacket and puts on the gun show 
but the malady of stupidity is reserved for the ultra right 
ok since no one here has taken the gmat , how about the lsat ? 
awesome scenery but there are some bizarre inhabitants 
yes hanging lake in glenwood canyon--sublimely adrift in fresh mountain powder under full blue moon 
#ff nightcap : three of my most laughingest girl peeps : luvlee ladees 
folic acid , vit c ; maybe ur fighting off being pregnant ? 
no , i just found a great ob gyn job 
love penfolds , feel lucky to find it in the bizarre land of utah 
i loved the worm story ! it was on npr a few days ago . the theory is the worms increase il levels ( cool ! ) #geekingoutovermednews 
2pm is also a peak in toxic inflammatories , like cytokines . some evidence aspirin in the a . m . blunts this peak . 
after 20 yrs of obgyn my grueling meter is set way beyond the average redline 
you're going to do great ! 
those pups are so darn clever and resourceful ! 
how can i not follow someone who started the good men project ? !LINK! great site ! tyvm for the follow . 
i'm so impressed with the egyptian people ! what courage and tenacity . #egypt 
have you tried it w a large quilt ? e . g . the one i'm working on is queen size , hard to manipulate that much fabric in a circle . 
i used to be not / sleepy . now : new dad , i just / want to go to bed #haiku for 
go kerrie go ! 
are u in utah ? the holy land of zion ? 
it seems common in my pt population . 
you also aren't in the trenches of clinical medicine in the us . americans have become the world leaders in denial . 
welcome to the cyber crack stream known as twitter xx 
thought for the day : how deep are your friendships made on fb , twitter , other sm ? 
is your son taking karate ? my daughter just earned her high yellow . 
no separation of church / state in ut en flagrante violation of us constitution 
ur welcome ! i think jake has kennel cough ; to see vet today ... 
if you or your colleagues have wisdom to dispense re dealing w toxic narcissists i'm all ears and by toxic i mean * radioactive * 
no fixed address in bc sounds like a fun extended canadian camping trip 
too bad , " gendarme " sounds so romantic on horseback ; car w lights just not the same 
if you wanted lifelong happiness and satisfaction , perhaps you should have chosen something other than medicine . 
ya , if only we could prevent brain drain through hemoneurosis ;-) 
so how are the rocky mountain oysters doing in ocowhatever , wi ? 
how long does it take for puppies to outgrow destroying the house ? 
was invited to play roller hockey but don't want to tear my othrr acl ; u ever play roller hockey ? 
what would #totalbastardpcp say to that pt ? 2/2 it gets even more ridiculous ... ( see 3/2 ) 
fabulous ! * licks lips * did you make it yourself ? 
i make dinner for my family for $ 10 or less so i don't buy the ses angle 
i was on ksl studio 5 today in slc talking about adolescent health !LINK! 
t1 : more rebellious every day , encourage pts to avoid medications via good self-care , non-pharmacologic options , only use rx if nec #mdchat 
ty for the rt's . you are a permanent ray of sunshine in my timeline . 
chocolate is good , btw tried penfold merlot the other day - excellent ! 
great article on #plantarfasciitis by !LINK! 
maybe the lack of water here explains the absence of critical thinking ; if it weren't for kuer i'd think i'd gone to h * ll 
note to self : check next man to make sure he does not possess sucker feet and tentacles 
batshit aka guano : gee u are nincompoopus obnoxiousum 
you can't pay me enough to sit here waiting for you to deliver to make up the time lost with my children . 
san francisco 
i love your avi ; is he real or a p'shop pup ? 
well the article talks about it getting more efficient , that doesn't match my experience of either 
in that case , i guess i should refrain from complementing your jeans ;-) 
since you have a proclivity for female pudenda wanna switch jobs ? i'm getting kinda sick of ' em 
are there any good triathlons to do in brasil ? 
organized wisdom aspires to close the on-line health gap !LINK! 
with a cup of hot tea w lemon & honey , sounds like a slice of heaven 
haha ! all purpose discharge instructions ! 
" are we there yet , mom ? ! ? " !LINK! 
what if it was work ? 
gorgeous for a run on the beach w the dogs ! 
your first rant on pf is good , looking forward to your solutions , got the worst case of pf :-/ triathlon season abt to start 
title : #drivingmisscrazy ( oh wait , that's the screen play ) 
lest you doubt dogs ' sixth sense , my dobe puppy was barking f bombs at the ex who initiated a text fight over our daughter's bday at 10pm 
indeed ! i am left giggling , speechless , and breathless by that mental effort akin to post-after-gl " o " , 
if not , i'll have to call the acs and fix that 
off to bed fine tweeple , may all your dreams be filled with serotonin , oxytocin , and endorphins 
anyone have tips for introducing dogs to cats without the cat ripping off the dog's face ? 
try this one on him : 696.9 for a 9920wtf 
nothing wrong w that as long as the so has a job and isn't a total mooch off you 
it's not make out to beautiful sunset / rise weather for sure 
yes doing school w both ( each separately on consecutive nights ) . 
i met a canadian orth once and he seemed happier than us surgeons in not having to deal w pt demands for b . s . elective surgery 
is your anxiety related to hormone changes ? !LINK! #anxiety #womenshealth 
nice to meet another triathlete doc . 
thank you . have not worked on the book , too much other stuff going on ... will try to get it going again later this year . 
ah , good to empty the gi tract before attempting the oropharanx 
nude lucite ladies / glow in lavender among / silk pseudoforest #haiku #lasvegas !LINK! 
what do you get when you combine narcissism with avoidant personality disorder ? 
hi , shelley here #mdchat 
speaks for itself 
wow , a gorgeous and moving piece of art ; post a pic when it's completed 
" redrum " was a word play back at re his " bates motel " remember the shining ? too oblique i guess 
nerds and onomatopoeia xoxoxo hubba hubba #misterdictionaryvindicated 
the cingulate is one of the coolest part of the brains . i'm partial to amygdala and hippocampus . 
self induced hemorrhagic vaginitis cpt 9921dumberthanpoo @ gothdoctor 
astoundling , yes ! but only at about 2 % , and that's before people learn of the flds 
is " obligatory blowjob culture " akin to " rape culture " ? 
10 docs to follow in social media : !LINK! 
a columbine is the colorado farmer's version ;-) 
you must have some fat cats ;-) 
filled with snow and errands for children !LINK! 
: what we need is to incentivise healthy behavior : lower premium for maintaining normal weight , not smoking , etc 
sexy nerd is the guitar playin man who writes me poetry , sings me to sleep w / his guitar , belays me , engenders trust , #soulmate 
you must be a really skilled surgeon to do those cases in < 1hr ; no dvt's in your future ;-) 
one man's trash is another man's glamour 
you just keep on lovin ' it sweetie ! 
running the endless treadmill of work , kids , cleaning , cooking , laundry ; you ? 
" one of my main tasks is separating the sociopathic narcissists from the narcissistic sociopaths ... not a trivial distinction . " 
and many other * delightful * " things " beginning with b or p ! 
hi sweetie ! how's u today ? 
dealing with a male shrew w constant pms--worse than a woman : mopey and chock full of grudge 
really ? please tell me what you're taking ! 
thongs are not sensuous ; they are merely irritating . now , if you add the dip + thong , then you have something ;-) 
gun control is not the same thing as repealing 2nd amend ; this is a pointless discussion ; repealing a2 not happening 
and jesus was a democrat 
besides you're the moderator extraordinaire .. , 
yes it was a very bad choice on my part , except for the fact i have 2 super brilliant , talented kids , therefore not a total loss 
sleep deprivation , stress , poor quality of life 
" i like crowds , as long as they are friendly crowds , like at the unitarian church . " - - unforgettable words of children 
clinton and stacey ... rx for questionable closet 
yes , and if one really had the eternal sunshine of the spotless mind , one might miss out on wisdom and experience . 
take them home ) . have not regretted a second , house training and all . 
love rachel ray's " 30 minute meals " ; it's the 60 minute clean up that kills me . 
could be an unexpected interception w that parallel universe 
on ksl news 2night in salt lake city : junk food mama - junk food baby !LINK! 
happy 70th birthday hayao miyazaki maker of my favorite movies . another brilliant capricorn ! 
good afternoon , are there cherry blossoms in your neck of the woods ? 
languishing in the / luxurious empathy / of your liquid lens #haiku #micropoetry #doghaiku 
do these veins make my arm look fat ? #lovepumpin'iron !LINK! 
sweet ! rt i've always liked the idea of an ativan / zyprexa air freshener in each room . 
yes dear i know ... bc ? 
thank you for the hump day word lovin ' . xoxo 
i feel safe letting go / embracing the vertigo / of falling in love , / trusting another , / with you on belay #gogyohka #micropoetry 
i think i wore the dogs out w their morning frolic !LINK! !LINK! 
the cure for a doughy middle is a firm grasp ;-) 
gutcheck 
that's penny , the licking fiend 
i love dw's " where many rivers meet " mary oliver " wild geese " !LINK! 
thank you for letting me find 
from an app such as twitteriffic , or by copying what you want to rt and inserting your comment . 
only when embroiled in controversy . i often disappear for weeks or months as and can attest to . 
my favorite mood of yours is your contemplative , philosophical one ; nice to see your other brain every now & then ;-) 
unrelated : fam h / o bpd , tourettes , and fundamentalist religious fervor makes for interesting mental overhead . 
was referring to ur twitter bkgrnd ( cute ! ) 
sweet ! where are the polo ponies , mate ? 
you're a woman after my own heart ; stimuli and brain processing ; put those in a blender and you have sheer magic ! 
nowi i have to back it up , prove it , no pressure there but i * love * a good challenge 
hey et , nice to c u , long time no see ! how's your running going ? 
i find the androgyny of the new barbie quite fascinating ; could be the subject of entire phd thesis ; don't you think ? 
sm often seems like a " ranting ground " instead of a constructive device #hcsm 
ty for the poem rt xx 
solo sucks . i did it in gws ; good luck . i'm now hospital ee . 
" yells at cspan " hi ! do you bug plants and then photograph them ? 
when a man is 40 and he thinks he's legit based on his angry birds score and his star wars collection , it's pathetic beyond words 
reading " under the banner of heaven " by jon krakauer about mormon violence against girls and wmn - some scary sh * t 
srsly ? no regrets ? 
indeed , you just keep thinking outta sight , outta mind , and everything will be okay ;-) 
hi from an intj 
did not see serenity ; will make a point of seeking it out . ty for the recommendation . 
uber kewl ! are you the guy on the horse in the knee hi boots & jodphurs ? or the dude with the fringe ? 
exhaustion beckons . g'night tweeple . 
always thought the nemoy spock resembled human doberman 
great stuff tonight ranee ! 
i met a remarkable man today who has courage to take a stand for healtheplanet and healthekids : tim decristopher !LINK! 
ooh a date ! dish on the date , gorgeous ! me ? i'm just trying to keep the work anxiety at bay . 
so do we go in looking for weapons of mass-poop destruction ? 
so cool to meet a throat singer and literature snob ! have you heard alash ? who is your favorite author ? 
unfortunately our culture raises boys instead of men . yes there are plenty of real men , one just has to look diligently . 
the only was to protects innocents from wack jobs like the az shooter is for peeps who come in contact w them have courage to take action . 
he has the attitude , zest for life of my dream man rt experience : i am a 91 - year-old bodybuilder !LINK! via 
you have a twitter account ? hi ! 
locums is great work if u don't have kids still living at home 
ooo cocoa excellent for inducing sleep--odd given the caffeine & sugar 
blowing sh * t up is * indeed * fun . no campfire is complete without a bottle of lighter fluid ;-) 
i suck at picking men but i picked the two best d * mn dogs in the world ! !LINK! !LINK! 
ty for the holiday wishes :-) 
here is the visual that accompanies the previous #micropoem for peecheequeen !LINK! 
how did jared lee loughner pass a background check to buy a gun ? 
absolutely 
so she doesn't like being outside in the cold ; if you have any tips ... 
* slobbers * * tongue hanging out * * big eyes * : " which way did he go ? which way did he go ? ! ? " 
no wonder they're depressed , they're either pregnant or lactating--hormonal extremes are not conducive to emotional stability 
ya , they're extinct 
i wish jake would quit trying to herd my cats ; cats don't take kindly to being herded ( hisss ) 
there's no place in civil society for semi autos or automatic weapons that can kill # # # people in under a minute 
indeed it was a fantastic day in many ways ! 
because americans are spoiled rotten and have been conditioned to think only of themselves and not of others . 
i second your choosing life over twitter ; i know ppl who chose twitter and their lives consist of sitting at a computer 
nice , but i'm still looking into cloning as a time mgmt option 
wild cotton ? 
oy ! you even had to deal with " mopey " . #speaksfromexperience 
yes and i are having a bit of a manic word berzerkius moment--fun ! 
have you heard of the minnesota men's conference ? 
compassionate heart / arms herself with / chain mail and razor blades / or risks being trampled / by masses #gogyohka 
wow u got ur work cut out for u 
no , i mean they are born lacking a sense of smell 

are we having fun yet ? 
there must be a gene for being a sucker for conmen #josephsmith 
i don't do fb ; just twitter :-) best place to reach me for convo is here . 
backatcha 
there is no opposition : u said parkland makes money off mcaid , volume , and residents : not sustainable w / o slave labor 
idaho .. my condolences ... land of mormons and bearded men who live in cabins and make package bombs ... 
check out the talented ' s adorable chibi cartoons !LINK! 
nice to see you too happy new year ! 
need advice from dog peeps : tmrw 1st day my new dog will be home alone while i'm at work . should i put a pee pad in his room ? ... ( 1/2 ) 
and my " following " list is chock full of real men 
bright lights , big city , multicultured people #sixwords #micropoetry 
ya in vegas w my kids and parents for 2 days ; we had a blast . lots of pretty colors and wild people : human zoo . 
laughter is the best medicine ... that and chocolate 
yaa , walking the plank to the subzero #firstworldproblems 
i want to take care of peeps like you instead of dealing with users and abusers 
looks like a great view for making out 
zomg i love those goldens too ! ! ! 
what was his first career ? 
wisdom for peeps from cats & dogs we all have to share this space so let's agree to disagree & peacefully coexist !LINK! 
in the womb of ocean / she gives everything a try / stonefish , tubeworms , ribboneel / endoexoskeletons / nature's free verse wheel #gogyohka 
ft obgyn = fast road to burnout * sucks * ; did gyn only for a while ; now doing ft ob-gyn as hosp ee 
i'd say the same about pelvic anatomy but would surely get bizarre looks 
oh , okay , now i get it 
on the other hand , my effort has paid off in that patients notice it . i attract pts who do their homework #hcsm . 
i salute you good sir for doing tibial a'plasty w crap tools , though . 
night tweeps & ; , 66 ) ) ? ) $ 
russian pron ? ! ? rofl ! 
yoga class doesn't do as much for me as doing it on my own , e . g . w a shiva rae dvd 
we need a " middle class revolution " in the u . s . 
meet ena ( cherokee for stong water ) , so named for her piercing blue eyes !LINK! 
did i wear you out ? ! ? ! ? ( gold stars to me ! ! ! ) 
" baby wrap your legs ' round these velvet rims and strap your hands'cross my engines . " - - springsteen ( most sensuous lyricist ... 
utah is the fraud capitol of the world acc to the wsj 
the red pill makes you larger ; the blue pill makes you small ; the ones mother gives you don't do anything at all ... 
an optimist because the only thing we really have in this life is our attitude 
the shine on a man wears off really fast when he keeps you awake either snoring or forcing himself on you at 3 a . m . 
you're running on adrenaline fumes ; when you hit the wall it'll feel like you stepped off a cliff #speaksfromexperience 
the state of az should bear some liability in allowing a man known to police as violent and unstable to obtain a semi automatic weapon 
not just thrown out but soaked in lighter fluid , match applied forthwith ! #pyro 
ya that's getting closer , but i still think " old " has to be > 60 , and when i'm 60 , i'll probably revise that to 90 . 
" just need a little patience " !LINK! 
hi ann , ty for the follow ! are you signed up for any 2011 triathlons yet ? 
2pm is probably yawn time because it is a nadir in the day's corticosteroid levels as well as blood glucose levels 
i hate neighborhood curbside consults ; i just tell them i don't talk business in the garden & to make an appt #mdchat 
thank you ! not only is he adorable , he'll wake up before dawn to run with me , he cuddles , and doesn't demand sex ! 
poke the mellow harshers with sharp stick , toss into campfire , add 1 bottle lighter fluid 
it brings me joy to take you back to 3 , even if for a fleeting moment 
looking forward to reading ur article on workplace bullying but ur link not working , please re-post 
xxooxxoo ! 
please tell me what you intend to do about welfare fraud , m'caid / m'care fraud , and tort reform ? 
only 12 hours ? i should have done psych ; try 3 days straight ; #canyousayburnout ? #fedup 
hearts intertwined like / braided strands of music that / float from your guitar #haiku #micropoem 
makes you nostalgic for the days of chloroform , eh ! 
two weeks after i began my job in utah one of the mds i worked with informed me he was a bishop in the lds church , sang in the choir , & ... 
and #aco sounds like a fancy term for rationing care which americans have soundly rejected in past , 
enough to know the " average american " is only a statistic , a mathematical figment of our imagination ; i . e . doesn't exist irl 
the outraged is so much sexier than the one obsessed with his member ! * hot stuff * 
hi gorgeous ! missed you ! how are u ? 
and i thought dogs were a lot of work ! 
gee a buddhist haiku tweep from philly who has great dimples and adorable eyes ; why do all my faves live > 1000 miles away ? ? 
utah ; there's a winter tri near park city 
yin yang ? !LINK! 
i find ' s pissy attitude to be a rollicking cure for mine :-) 
maybe jaded , maybe just realistic ; twitter is evidence to support the theory 
indeed ! that " other element " is a dsm v diagnosis ;-) 
you too easily dismiss " eat less move more " : it works for me and a lot of other people on this planet . 
your peony pix are worth at least 10,000 words 
lol ! your tweeps get right to the point 
the comment was meant to be a humorous way to address a serious topic . it obviously failed . 
insanity is beating the same head agains the same wall and expecting a different brain to come out ( after einstein ) 
ditto : " public " side takes a lot more time / energy here too 
sweet scent of bamboo / over motionless pond ' neath / yellow harvest moon #haikusnagha #micropoetry #haiku ( motionless , bamboo , yellow ) 
goodnight , greg ! 
funny thing for billy to say , considering his topics are all over the map 
positiveoscopy : seeking and including optimistic peeps in your life 
are you saying it wouldn't reach that far ? 
he's got an overbite ? ;-) 
interesting . will check it out . 
so if the govt shuts down do we have to pay tax on 4/15 ? #noexplainingstupidity 
#thankfulfor not being born in afghanistan or utah 
lmao ! ! ! 
perhaps should reactivate as i'm having trouble w syllables and spelling ;-) 
no , kid time , grandma-grandpa time #purejoy 
in science today : violence against women : impact ( affects 1 in 3 ) far outweighs breast cancer ( affects 1 in 9 ) !LINK! 
so in your " professional " opinion what's the best liquid bread out there ? 
your imaginary friend 
is oo one syllable or two ? 
great poem by snitty on diversity and tolerance and joy of life xx rt !LINK! 
g night all you good tweeple 
wehl blokes , noice chattin w you two down unders this ay em . off to get some woik done . ;-) chat you moits later . 
i know with a handle like " wickedbitch " i wouldn't be disappointed in u ; hats off to you ; ty for link to sandra cisneros vid 
lmao ! ! ! rofl ! ! ! rt an onanistc oenophile best not confuse his cups . 
... and falling head over heels in love for the very first time :-) 
if i ever date again he will have to have an iq = to mine , an income = to mine , and be able to laugh at himself 
gorgeous , looks like the roaring fork valley in co 
tmrow planning hike / walk for pups in the woods ! glee ! 
i take it you're not buying your daughter implants for her 16th birthday ? #twistedparents of #suburbia 
not sure about tweetups : what if you meet a hanger on : harder to block in person 
just block him 
wow ! that's a sensuous thought . depends on who the wrestling is with ;-) 
i amend my previous tweet in favor of " i choose to ignore it ( workpile ) and make potato-cheese chowder , apple betty instead 
ya that 10 % tithing adds up , can u say " mudrassa " ? 
wish you were moving to the land of zion ( utah ) but that's probably too much to ask 
my son's bday was yesterday : chocolate cake w cream cheese icing !LINK! !LINK! 
goodnight all you sweet people 
the tender touch of / your fingers fills me with calm , / peace , serenity #haiku for my love 
utahns : support tim decristopher , the future of ut , and your kids ' health on 2/28 / 11 !LINK! 
the only people who can reliably be pleased are the dogs . 
who's winning ? age or machine ? 
on the other hand , quite useful . i have learned not to look any gift horse in the mouth , bizarre the gift may be ... ;-) 
i have become a * militant * anti-inductionist . problem is pts in utah come in at 37 wks asking " when is my induction ? " 
freud gives me snake envy ;-) 
will tweet you pic when macs are done mmm ... gustatory heaven 
in my universe " hellanasty " means an enviable powder day tmrw , if you're referring to weather . politics , work , diff story . 
you should post pics of ur animals 
changing the channel to frivolous pet discourse and other inconsequential topics 
ya i didn't even know they still made that particular brand of batsh * t 
thank you michael for all the #ww's and #ff's 
hmm vortex not good when your business is blood 
night sweet dreams ... zzz ... 
dealing with the aftermath of a tn is like being trapped in an antimatter hall of mirrors 
utah is full of geneologists ; unrelated : it was also dubbed the fraud capitol of the u . s . by the wsj 
r u implying moroni is a mere fragment of joseph smith's imagination ? : - o 
um ... that and needing to feed / house the kids . 
insomnia – part 2 : manage insomnia and improve your sleep : find out how you can manage your insomnia and consi ... !LINK! 
puppies are great ! although they require a lot of energy / commitment ; but they give so much love in return 
well , personally i think there are many great employment alternatives to surgery , but you go , doc ! * medicare * reimbursement 
somehow i don't think matt would have been as dismissive of thoughts of making out to your view ;-) 
the stupid barrier is much more difficult to overcome ... 
gorgeous day , dr . harris ! here's my sunrise today : over snow dusted wasatch !LINK! 
rabbits are proficient at lestat with those bog front teeth 
" oozy , gooey , makes ypu happy " ( it's either sex or the food network ) 
i may not know my firmware from my hardware but i assure you i can tell a speculum from a spatula ;-) 
meet me on the wild / side of the moon / in the red desert hills / where our child-spirits disrobe / dance naked under a black sky #gogyohka 
i invite you to put forth your innovative solutions to the obesity epidemic 
perhaps it's sun spots 
if you partake of / coprophagia , have sense to / chase it with t . p . #haiku #doghaiku !LINK! 
darn , was hopin u was in slc , an antidote to mush brain think-for-me culture 
people ignore advice to get counseling . they want a pill or a magic wand . they don't want to be responsible . 
yours looks more inviting 
i used to live in a small town & the worlds were always colliding : i got the vagina questions while in grocery , gal milk in hand 
i usually receive a blank stare in response . 
is " non euclidian space " before or after " the final frontier " ? #geekynavelgazingrhetrocialquestions 
kitty decon works ! he's growling but at least not trying to slice the dog's head off : !LINK! !LINK! 
problem is all these politicians are trying to reform healthcare unencumbered by actual data on hc economics 
i think i knew you in a former life ? 
would do that ; my conclusion : if you're a high iq , high energy woman , consider a dog instead of a man ... 
irony indeed , especially if the driver of said ambulance was under the affluence of incohol 
" there are no bad people , only badly loved people . " - - arnaud desjardins 
hi lee ! nice to meet you ! didn't know mayo had a director of sm . ahead of the curve ... 
ya given choice between blood or poo , i'd pick blood any day 
they shoot horses with contraceptive darts--why not stupid teens ? 
head and shoulders above a flimsy rt isn't whimsy a wonderful word and concept .. 
i make it my business to find out what my patients eat , as i will be dealing with its aftermateh at their c section . 
now house training penny , the puppy ; she's about 40:60 outside : accidents . she doesn't have thick fur so she ... 
naa , a few mean vindictive people don't scare me . bring it on , i say . i've just been really busy delivering babies . 
" shiznit " is that yiddish for fubar ? or biage ? 
or just a lurking dsm diagnosis 
the brain is the largest sex organ ; need i say more ? ;-) 
shorthand for vivid metaphor . i also enjoy the occasional livid metamorphosis ;-) or turgid polymorphism 
ya , i'm 5-3 , 115 lbs , smile a lot , don't feel " intimidating " 
yvw , luv 
great discussion tonight tweeps ! i'm off to collapse ! love you all smart peeps . 
ya , some memories need to remain just that !LINK! 
is your dh an atty ? 
great discussion re spirituality in managing anxiety and panic on this post - scroll to bottom of comments !LINK! #anxiety 
love high iq tweeters rt i love a good biology in-joke !LINK! 
gregsmithmd can you tell me something abt the gaf scale ; definition ? ranges for results ? 
dim sum ? oh , wait that's chinese . 
as long as you got your ff's out , who cares about work due ? 
spirit of winter scours / cirques and arrettes , dusts them with / white champagne powder #haiku #micropoetry #ww 
and he seems too stupid and thought disordered to have tried to use biochem or wmd 
do tell ! sounds like a good storyrt amen . let me tell you about the scary augmentin man . 
you are indeed a peach ! ty for the sweet @ . xxooxxoo 
miss you too ty xx 
as long as " revolution for all " doesn't mean rich keep getting richer at expense of poor & middle like now 
see what you started with your pregnant man in the speedo ? ! ? 
aawww , snitty always loves me up when i tweet her food =*) @ drsnit 
honey , #obgyn is either hormone-induced psychosis , e . g . pms ; or sheer terror , stat cs ; it's a bipolar career 
empathy is easy . the hard conversations are the work of medicine . 
i thought inception was kind of dull , didn't live up to the hype , wouldn't waste the $ on it ; " inside job " ( otoh ) is * great * 
how did you meet date ? 
have you noticed the right winger prolifers are mum if you mention we live in a rape culture ? 
housecalls by bicycle ! you're my kind of gal ! 
book recommendations would be welcome as well ; my book on the passive aggressive male said the behavior never changes ... 
daughter watched interview , said , my voice was " different like a gynecologist voice , not your mom voice " . 
has anyone here taken the gmat ? 
nice to meet you ! i grew up in philly , attended swarthmore and temple med ; how long have you lived there ? 
those border collies are so dang smart ! 
happy new year bill ! nice to " see " you ! 
same to you gorgeous sleep tight 
gorgeous ! 
why do you think you have to have a breakdown before you can have a breakthrough ? just curious ... 
you are without a doubt the funniest guy here . 
welcome to amotivational personality disorder ; i gave up on him after 17 yrs 
srsly 20 ? ! ? woot ! rt woohoo ! rt : la mar will call me to make arrangements for party of 20 for dinner 
readers , please share any experiences you have with spirituality healing your illnesses or afflictions . #spirituality #healing 
my favorite tv personality : alton brown : imaginative , high iq , knows his words and his eats . speaks of breasts and thighs in a pg fashion 
you do wash your hands ... ? 
i don't create separate personae for / on twitter because i'm a klutz re : keeping track of all the different voices in my head 
valium salt lick in waiting room ! best idea i've heard in a looong time ... 
or were you referring to taking a big dump ? ;-) 
i love bath time for pups ; jake lives his bath , penny not so much ; what kind of collar is rusty wearing ? 
your bio is hilarious 
never described as " intimidating " ; my new partner told me i'm intimidatingly smart ; funny how unaware we can be of how we are perceived 
fantastic poem by !LINK! 
yes , we're not out of the woods re snow until july 
wuss ; just when the stream was a-cracklin ; sigh , maybe if you let go that light saber you could take the heat in the kitchen 
very kind of you , i'm honored and humbled . namaste . 
guess you could repay her by keeping her up running all night but that probably wouldn't help the sleep deficit 
ooh thank you ! yes , penny as in copper 
heart-felt poetry by !LINK! goodstuff ! 
the high prevalence of deviance astounds ; if you don't believe it , come to utah 
being a big fish in a small town sucks the life out of you ; in a big town it has potential to fly you to the moon :-) 
defensive medicine at root of a lot of overdx / rx rt t1 defensive medicine encourages overuse and missuse . #mdchat 
you're a lyricist * and * a painter . isn't there a vasc surg conference in utah you simply * must * attend ? 
and how are you , good doctor of the mind ? 
ibid to the words " penis " or " vagina " , even if used in non-sexual context . 
ooh i hate small talk . have to do it though , like choking down shark teeth 
so i love my dog so much i thought i'd adopt him a companion , thinking dogs are pack animals and he'd enjoy a ... 
agreed ! rt sigh . acog needs to retract social induction . 
uk ! ? ! whatcha doin ' there , mate ? 
great post ! " when cancer treatment is too much " . !LINK! 
via cdc : off the beaten path : violence , women , art : !LINK! 
plus training for half marathons and a marathon : very time consuming . are you waiting for godot ? 
of business in the next 3 yrs ; recent ama article reported 40 % of private practices are srsly in the red 
yes 
link please ? dealing with toxic narcissist on ongoing basis . any assistance / insight would be appreciated . 
17 hours of continued wakefulness decreases your performance similar to having a bal of 0.05 % 
my dogs are transfixed by #puppybowl : they co-opted the remote ! 
where does one meet a true geek ? 
dear sunil , why did you give up and what will it take for you to un - giveup ? 
ya , working on it , thank you for the encouragement . 
now he has an apartment full of star wars toys a la hoarders but no job , no degree , and now , no wife 
ya shoulda moved to canada 
it was a week on a vascular rotation as part of the gen surg rot . you must bea much better vasc surgeon than they were :-) 
dear pregnant patient : if you torture me each visit w whining re being uncomfortable , next time please squeeze a dime between your knees . 
sinus congestion 
ya pajama jeans and wal mart greeter smocks 
is there some reason for all the yelling ? 
off to do something productive ! tweet ya later ! 
those orbicularis muscles are sooo coool 
pink saucer brims / with joy / floating on a sea of white crystals , / " mom , this is / my happy place " #gogyohka for pinkiepie peecheequeen 
2/3 of americans were not born obese , but they now are . 
thank you ! 
don't forget your pneumatic compression sleeve ; don't want a dpt on #penisfriday ( deep penile thrombosis ) 
i usually wake up at 4 , run w the dog ... 
pls provide citation advocating lower oxytocin dose ; most studies support hi dose oxytocin , lower cs rate " active mgmt of labor " 
are you aware many private gen surgical practices have closed up shop due to unsustainable m'care reimb ? consider employed pos'n 
" goat fellatars at medco " priceless ! and exactly why i follow , he keeps me lmao 
if you wonder if men really think about sex every 2 seconds just check out ;-) 
indeed ! in the process of harnessing my own psychopathology 2 srv humanity ! see !LINK! 
as usual the canadians get it right #hcsm 
i saw a woman last week who'd undergone complete infundibulation ( clitorectomy ) in her homeland in sudan 
i dare you to alliterate with the word oenophile ! #wordplaythrowdown 
#ff i love lucy 
we need to expend comparable effort to reducing violence against women as we have re breast cancer and heart disease #nomorerapeculture 
try living in utah where peeps guage self worth by the number of stick figures they can display on their car's rear view mirror ... 
or everyone speaks poo sunday 
i was raised to be a sunday morning vacuumer ... 
i'm just thankful for each day i'm a woman in america and not egypt , afghanistan , or africa #rapecultures 
i will have to print the #toolingthedrugrep to rehearse my responses to the next few asshats who walk thru my door , #keepitcoming 
* blushing * luv you too for your kind heart , generosity , and way with words 
other cool #ff peeps 
you must have very polite followers :-) 
true ! rt medical history is still the standard for diagnosis . 95 % diagnoses can be made by history alone , really ! 
ty for the ww , dc ! 
geographically , most tweeps i converse with seem to hail from canada or australia 
where's the venue ? is it still may 14 ? 
great poems by !LINK! #ww 
thank you for the top mds mention :-) 
how about " really effing pissed off " ladies ? 
and some mean people are just simply unhinged 
ruffy is adorable ; is he a border collie ? 
ya , as my dad quoted , " there's no such thing as bad publicity . " he's a wise man . 
hello to the aussies , some of my favorite tweeps on earth ! xxoo 
mancold = causes hemorrhagic otitis ( bleeding ears ) in nearby females due to hearing incessant whining 
i thought you'd have gotten a chuckle out of the dog haiku yesterday ... 
hmm saloon , motorcycle ... only thing missing is ... a dog ! 
rusty is bucketsful of adorbs ! 
thank you for listing me in your newbies ff ; honored and humbled . 
i like your pics , especially the captions . 
actually today was easy , you're just seeing years of building frustration welling up to the surface 
oh gross , tmi 
very concerned as it affects next generations 
there are some good things about the healthcare " reform " law , but without addressing overutilization and tort reform the job is not done 
need to see pics of your gardens ! 
hi bill ! nice 2 c u again . 
rh's dad sounds like a cool dude 
ya my theory of twitter is , it self selects for people who can type , and who can formulate concise thoughts ... 1/2 #hcsm 
gorgeous ! 
kewl ! got a kilt ? pics ? dish ! 
unfortunately i've had many :-( giant narcotic seeking hairy ones in my office 
heard that abt great danes , sounds like heartbreak 
ooh thank you ! 
hermitage sounds devilishly attractive . i wonder how many people on twitter are agorophobic or acrophobic . 
does " oi " consist of 1 or 2 syllables ? btw ty for the ff xoxo , cutie pie 
i don't think pts use sm to get healthcare information , i think they use it to connect to ppl #hcsm 
imho , the place to find a real man now is the kitchen : witness chefs robert irvine , michael simon , alton brown , bobby flay et al 
my son is playing dr parnassus as we speak ! 
have you catalogued any new species yet , good sir ? 
indeed , they do keep track of everything ! your puppy does look like a golden retriever / lab mix 
i did the entire bike leg of a sprint tri with a flat tire last september . bummer . 
so are you saying all health care should be delivered by residents , who earn 1/10 th that of attendings ? 
nice to meet you ! wish i could pop the top of my head off like that to pack in more info , sleep , energy , whatever's needed 
adorable ! rt our room is verrry piiink ! !LINK! 
zomg just found your blog ! we have inhabited parallel universes . i feel your pain . 
penny's perfect paws / meand'ring footprints in snow / wonder where she'll go !LINK! #haiku #dogku 
check out ' s blog !LINK! a collection of wonderfully arranged words . 
that's about as precious as it gets 
um i think that would be 
" exercise ... is the connection between motion and emotion . " patricia b . mcconnell ( author of for the love of a dog ) 
happy bday rt rt " took out for his 39th bd dinner ~ i need 20 more happy bd rts for him to make it to 39 : ~ ) 
zomg ! 555 tweets ! 
if you partake of / coprophagia , have sense to / chase it with t . p . #haiku #doghaiku !LINK! 
literally health = wealth 
can you recommend any good references that are current ? 
zomg your rotties are sooo bundles of fuzzy adorbs ! wag ! wag ! lick ! lick ! kiss ! kiss ! pant ! pant ! 
where did she lose her appreciation for metaphor ? 
thank you and ty and for the rts 
rt'ed with in mind rt concomitant cataleptics , indeed cohabitating in a coffin . #tweetforalliteration 
another reason to " unlike " facebook 
i feel like galileo , only instead of saying the world is round not flat , fat not round !LINK! 
0.140 percent 
can you say 14 mintue c section ? #add 
where have all the good men gone ? check sofa in front of tge flat screen : playing ps3 star wars vid games 
goog night all you high iq golden hearted queens and kings of the twitterverse 
" [ sigh ] looks like rain ... " ] - - eeyore 
indeed ! jake seems smarter than some if the men i've dated . i think his doggy iq is at least 140 , if not greater 
hot heels heal with warmth #micropoetry 
your fem / tib bypass skills are irrisistable . i may be spoken for ; but if we weren't geographically incompatible ... ;-) 
perched on petrified / dunes , we bask in the glow of / sunset love sonnets #haiku #utahdesert 
my kids have reached the age that hangin ' w their friends and hobbies supercedes mom time . 
i'm looking forward to the story of the zombie escape from the hospital ... memoir ? 
agreee , that's why i didn't have the guts to tend goal , and played d instead , plus i love to skate backward ! 
i take him out for a 1-2 mile walk / run at 4-6 a . m . but this may not last him til noon 
so i've never met a real live witch - - can she clean the house with a twitch of her nose ? 
ty for the * blazing * follow love ! my keyboard is samokin ' 
... additional frustration of their dismissal of the truly * effective * solutions of diet and exercise 
great blog post by !LINK! 
my experience of lds men is a disproportionate #asshat quotient 
kids are what make it all worthwhile for me 
i heard the wizard uses viagra ; true ? ? ? 
sorry you're beyond counseling if that's true ; but you may be able to get a glock . this is after all utah ! 
is grampa having fun ? 
thank you for being my number 4000 ! i send you a virtual bottle of dom perignon and drink to your health ! in bermuda no less ! xx 
wow ! gorgeous ! 
discussing one's put outage on twitter makes one twitter trash like a certain nurse i know who lives in nc 
the ass looks greener on the other side of the toilet ? i don't get it either . 
where is my dear ? i'm baking apple betty for you ! 
i have no map other than the historical trail of scars and tears all over my psyche 
all kinds of fluffy adorbs ! rt rt : !LINK! 
well it's life in the practice of medicine ; i still have 7 hrs of call left in this stint 
i rely on you for the 24 hr medical news cycle 
and in other news ... pregnant woman craves " ding dongs " !LINK! 
i'm totally in ! we could do wine trip in napa if attending ; otherwise microbrew trip 
thank you for the rt's and @ ' s xx 
i put the line break in the wrong place on that last #gogyohka so i re-posted it , apologies for stream clutter 
people don't trust wikipedia in general anymore , not just re medical info #hcsm 
i'm googling and waving at u ! what r u doing there ? naturally selecting ? 
here's jake : !LINK! he's mostly border collie with a little lab : sharp as a tack 
ya , true , ' tho ' humans practice eugenics re animals ; as more gene tests are available we could theoretically outbreed violence 
if you can't be / with the one you love / don't fake it / with the one / you're with . #gogyohka #micropoetry 
wishing you the best for healthy mom and babe 
palin is the dan quale of the current decade 
you have a sweet-faced golden ret avi ; appreciative . 
amoz tan echoes / generous poetry love / around world , beaming #haiku for ty for all the rts and twitter luv 
ya rt just spent 22 min staring at my laptop trying to remember something . sometimes i'm shocked i still remember my name . 
... as compared to the general population , who can barely speak english , and those are the native english speakers ... 
now would that be to snort or drink ? 
you're adorable ! 
amazing how a single person could be such a fulcrum of grief for so many throughout the world #osama 
tucking you in , wishing you sweet dreams , a peaceful night , and that all your tomorrows are full of hope 
who are your favorite poets / writers ? 
i second that rt my general experience of hospitals is they don't like it if you're not disempowered 
in that case your avi could be pres 
female indeed 
cynicectomy : need i say more ? 
indeed ! they do talk and run ! wish i'd known that 20 years ago ! 
wow ! bearded italian beer and lobster ravioli ! mucho gusto ! 
thank you for the rt ! how r u this fine evening , lovely amoz ? 
off to coffee and dog walking ! cats ya later tweeps . 
hmm , i've found temporary idiocy can be redirected with a distraction such as unplugging and going for long walk 
srsly , and ut us supposed to be a desert state * not * 
apple betty post mortem !LINK! 15 minute old confection accosted by 2 growing children 
... to break out the benzos ; i'm so sorry ; the dreads suck ! 
maybe that explains why you see skinny men with morbidly obese women ;-) 
oh yeah , ' s hot tonight . work it baby #toolingthedrugrep 
compared to ice hockey , football moves at the speed of molasses in january ... zzz ... 
i don't think i agree with sm being " better than old methods " perhaps better for finding ppl you otherwise would not #hcsm 
can't wait to read " a new song " 
spot on ksl today on adolescent health : !LINK! 
... do ypu suppose teens experiment with personalities , as they do with other " experiences " . 
thank you ! i wonder if rosetta stone has programs for all those ? will search ... 
great post on disempowerment of men by religion rt covering up the disempowerment of men by !LINK! 
great stuff js . ty for sharing . 
ty will you be a reference for my jd school application ? 
adorbs ! both of them ! pete looks like he has border collie in him ? maybe the affinity for lotion is a border collie nuance ? 
yes ! it's called being a gynecologist . grab your paddle , life vest , sit down , shut up and hang on ! 
wow , it's a live one rt look ! a vulcan ! ! ! !LINK! 
adults are just kids inside big bodies 
are you sure it's innocence you seek ? 
ah , if you have insomnia ( like me ) you must read this !LINK! 
doing well , except wasting time with twitter twaddle when i should be writing ... 
why sterling-cooper ? 
a bien tot ! 
ya try being an intj and having to please 30-40 different people a day 
* love * productive meetings with movers and shakers who have energy and optimism ! totally jazzed today ! 
are you sure ? perhaps they were too busy saving lives to be able to water plants . 
kudos to you ! 
american women seem to care more about their schedules than health of their babies . last month a woman asked me to induce at 36 wks 
i wish i could block text messages from men when they act shrewish . iphone has all these apps : when are they going to make shrew detector ? 
more people die from prescription narcotic overdose than from auto accidents ( in utah ) 
nice with lupus is definitely the better choice ; mean with money is the road to hell 
dipthong is one of the most sensuous words in the english lexicon 
almost all my tweets are metaphors or double entendres 
je fair bien . tu ne sens pas trop mon pere . ( sorry if i mangled that francais ) . 
climb on ! !LINK! 
camping under a no moon night star gazing w my kids 
wow , that's a speed labor ! 
life is too short to be shamefully indirect 
strong work ! 
ty for the rt , wondering how to make more people aware violence against women has more impact globally than breast ca + hrt dz 
that ' s the problem with all those dudes in washington ; they're inhaling viagra 
true per oth studies rt study : babies born to obese moms face higher death risk ( human reproduction ) !LINK! - #health 
so what is * your * solution ? pills ? taxes on sugar ? magic wand ? don't diss existing tools without offering alternatives . 
everyone i know works all day ; soon i will be able to come home at lunch to walk him 
ya usually have to rpt 3 times to even be heard , forget even remembering 
ya every time you exit the carwash it stamps a bullseye on your roof 
perhaps through education ? but i think websites do a better job at education than sm #hcsm 
ty rt saw the report on ksl - just thought i'd say i respect & appreciate hearing a dr being realistic about weight issues 
it's all about who has control : !LINK! via @guykawasaki 
sorry to hear that , there are some obnoxious sicko tweeps out there 
indeed , i've come to believe depression is at the root of 80 % of physical ailments such as diabetes , hrtdz 
so after all those tweets last week about sleep deprivation i'm on 42 hrs now with no sleep and 3 emergency surgeries done + office and obs 
thanks for the follow but why on earth are you following me ? 
: any data on penetrance of genes for schizophrenia ? 
kool ! kayak sounds like a ton of fun as a tri leg 
one is much more likely to contract disease from other humans than pets ; that is another breathless histrionic pseudonews story 
was not intending to offend , i apologize if i offended you . 
indeed . the seductiveness of poetry is its mystery ... 
so true ! social justice . 
i agree in theory but a lot of illness is self inflicted , e . g . obesity-related illness ; i don't want to be ... 
check out ' s post on narcisissm and antisocial pd 
would you like green vaginitis and an ob with an attitude instead ? 
depends , if you're a good enough copywriter , it may compensate for a cute a ;-) 
that is a really good question ... i think there might be other cultire separators , but easier to get over than religions . 
peeps healing selves is subject of my next blog post , should i discnct from tw'r long enuf to write it . 
hands move with knife-like / precision , whirling blades of / humanoid combine #haiku #blackbeltmicropoetry rewrite ; how ' bout it ? 
the roi isn't r / t original purpose of my twitter acct , which was to promote my book ; now i just use it to find smart peeps #hcsm 
ya i vote for clinton kelly as the sexiest man in america ! confident , fit , funny , smart , sophisticated 
good night / sleep tight / don't let the bleb bugs blight #micropoetry 
nuskin in slc ? that sounds like a warren jeffs invention . 
inception was a bit of a yawn 
re : neuropathic pain : inflammation key , interleukins , cytokines ; consider strategies to reduce these , e . g . nsaids , asa 
her voice rings out in / silver ribbons with the depth / and breadth of claret #haiku #micropoetry for the pinkone 
ty storky ! 
freud might have a thing or two about your desire for a wand . should we obtain a curbside consult ? 
no hat tricks in golf , eh ? 
" there's a bee on your nose " and she looks bee-you-ti-full ! 
work restrictions are universally ignored ; they are a joke 
i love the mountains too , can't wait to take him for a romp on the dog trails ! 
miscarriage – part 2 : causes and coping : most miscarriages are completely out of our control , so please don't ... !LINK! 
your new avatar is a shadow of your former self 
i think he realized if he'd listened a yr ago he'd be a few mil ahead by now 
do you have cfids ? 
yes , it would definitely help . i'm working on a written plan i can review with people at beginning of pregnancy . 
just teasin ya ; gotta give you s * # t for making me wade thru all your penis tweets to get to your sublimely erudite witty stuff 
are you still in equador ? 
funny you don't strike me as a drinker 
would love to have your feedback when i get it finished . 
us hc system = mega fail whale ; seeking ob gyn job in oz or ca in 3 yrs ; please advise if any known opportunities . 
nice imagery in your " chill air " poem 
2/17 / 11 will prove to be a turning point in the past several years bad luck ; sea change on horizon ; i can feel it . 
people don't care how what they put in their mouths impacts not just their health but fetal , newborn , and child health . 
dear steve , you are a real man . xxooxxoo ! 
i have a crush on clinton but i think he's gay ... bummer 
scary hairy ! male pcos = - 0 
i think i'm getting ra ; my gma had it real bad and the sx are showing up in my fingers ; age = sucks 
have you seen this ? !LINK! 
how is ur knee ? i found yoga was > successful than surgery alleviating knee arthritis pain ( had 2 arthroscopies and acl recon ) 
his forthrightness , humor , sheer grossness ? i'm flailing here , help me out some . 
congrats to you ! i foresee meetings with mayors , philanthropists , and such folk 
that's hilarious ! so you're saying if my ex decides to quit being a deadbeat he has a career in politics how fitting ! lmao rofl 
just goes to show you , t & a is the only universal language 
such a cutie pie ! bucolic background too ... 
indeed it is a factory of some sort 
just pub'd acog stats : average age for quitting ob is 48 ; for women ob-gyns it's 43 . !LINK! 
that's if you believe in afterlife 
the power of the mind is much greater than the power of the pill ... 
i really can't stand fb and am considering deleting my account . 
beware of humans who lack sense of smell ; they may also lack empathy 
oh dear hope you didn't try to do anything to the wax version 
neither green eggs / nor ham / nor will he eat spam / but feed him a steak / and his day you will make #gogyohka for #micropoetry 
perhaps if you started with dessert ... one of those deep fried doughy goodies with lots of honey poured on top ... 
the dog ; i gave up on blokes ; i can't pick ones who aren't needy so i quit and took up raising 2 puppies 
i love to ski snowmass , going back at xmas to see my mom . sorry to hear you were stupidly married , happens to the best of us 
why wasn't this guy on haldol ? he was a known nutcase . npr : police try to piece together ariz . shooter's motive-more at !LINK! 
beautiful art rt kiss monkey on my back !LINK! 
too late , they heard the moaning coming from the other room ;-) 
lol ! " cunninglinguist " 
anvil on my chest / a claw wraps around my neck / it's anxiety #haiku #micropoetry 
no worries ; i've sworn off relationships as i have no man-picking skills 
3 exes : wow , that's a trail of bodies in your wake ; y bother getting married ? 
just getting over holiday gluttony hangover , starting up gym routine until snow off the roads ; how bout u ? signed up 4 any races ? 
oh dear , i'd be lost without a kitchen . chaos would reign as would grumpy hungry kids . 
i . e . no dingsdongs 
according to the smerck manual batshit is the linguistic product of stimulants , sedatives , and sycophants 
hope you find your mojo ? did you look under the sofa ? 
some people look better with no skin #bodyexhibit 
thank you ! unrelated : r u too ? 
they are some beautiful pups ! wag wag ! hi ! from jake , penny , and ena !LINK! 
hmm ding dong , could have a ton of fun with a ding dong ;-) 
he's probably too rich to care ; he's no george soros 
suggested grape / vintage to accompany cheerios ? 
the roi on an md is poor and you have no control over your time : quality of life sucks , plus people are rude and entitled 
guess i'll hit the pool , i guess , the pf bugs me when i'm trying to do leg w / o's at the gym , very annoying ! 
but i think it's getting better 
it sounds like ur better off . we need to get together and do some kind of cleansing ritual . 
give the people what they want , not what they need : it's the modern formula for american healthcare . 
i'd pelt u with those funny o's w the diagonal lines thru them but can't find that key on the iphone 
hi vandna ! great to hear from you ! of course i remember you . how are you doing ? i love utah , despite my initial experience here . 
your avi is the hottest i've seen 
if you feel like you're constantly waiting outside a hall of concentric circular mirrors you might be with a narcissist . 
very interesting article on schizophrenia rt !LINK! via 
did you say sf ? wherewhen ? 
i understand . he took a genital hiatus--got it . 
ya that is srsly f * d 
yes he means his meter is literally * turned off * ;-) 
ty greg . ironically the ppl who've tried to mischaracterize my intentions as " hate " have attacked me in a hateful fashion 
legs 
a prime example why i quit men and adopted 2 puppies :-p 
g'night tweeple 
just unfollow the crappers " somehow i started following too many people who are broken themselves and are making me feel like shit " 
hey snitty , did ypu hear tjis story ? wonder if ... npr : eat your worms : the upside of parasites 1/2- more at !LINK! 
looks like fun ! 
like a fish needs a bicycle . amen . 
unfortunately , it was with the wrong hiking companion 
on weekends we're outside a lot ; can't wait ' til the snow is gone ! 
thank you for rting my warm eyes gogyohka . you are a sweetie pie . hearts to you . 
just * love * how all the lawyers in washington are deciding how the doctors should get paid . 
indeed ! ~ condolences ~ instead of * confetti * 
no opposition to residents ; just don't expect attendings to work for resident wages , regardless of " system " 
skin , subcu , fascia / rectus , peritoneum / uterus , baby #csection #haiku 
ya i'm always in for a raging conflagraging contagioning * bonfire * 
shelley binkley ob gyn slc ut hi all ! 
thank you and i'm really proud to make ' s must follow list ( ty bb ) 
how many princess leia's does it take to change a light bulb ? 
wags ! pant pant ! lick lick lick ! 
i need to make a major change . have u taken the lsat and the gmat ? 
clicked link : no pic ! please tweet on twitter ; fb ... yawn 
it's a hypothesis based on observ . & pers . experience ; was married to a narcissist who lacks empathy and has complete anosmia 
myself with the wisdom of my current age and the energy and joints of my 20 yr old self : who would you be ? 
most of the sane people here seem to hail from new zealand , australia , and canada . 
* love * your bio ; i'd be " angry white lady " ; but it just isn't the same #envyingyourblackness ;-) 
good night all you tweet sweeple . boy ! twitter crackled like a live wire tonight ! hello to all you erudite new followees and followers ! xx 
salt lake city 
thank you all for your advice : i'm cogitating ... he's a 42 lb , 8 mo old , not sure if 
thank you ! finally got to watch it . was very anxious . 
ya finally met a man who can keep up ; his name is jake , he has extremely hairy legs and back , and girl can he run ! 
42 ft 
are you calling that thing between your legs a " bike " ? 
brussel sprouts : one of the most inderrated vegetables : here they are w sugar sauce & pecans !LINK! 
made bacon wrapped halibut tonight ; would provide pic but was hoovered too fast by the eaters 
re " considering a retroactive termination of pregnancy " now that's a good one , let me know if you get it figured out 
peach blossom : that is one of my nicknames for my daughter 
" there is no health without mental health " * so true * ! rt ' s bio 
or they live 1000s miles away in places like australia ;-) 
ya bran is a good treatment for hemorrhoids , isn't it ? 
you should * definitely * get a dog ! #humanesociety 
hi snitty haven't seen u in 4 ever ! hugs , love ! xx 
mmm i love new york ... 
a religion founded on the discovery of golden tablets just laying around ... there's a sucker born every minute 
i can house train him in my house ; and he has his own so i don't have to deal with #manmess ; i laid down my house rules ;-) 
i would say " i quit . " see your dm's . had it up to here . 
i feel sorry for the good male obgyns coz bad apples like that one drive all their business down 
miscarriage – part 1 : what is it ? and what do i do ? : if you ’ re having bright red bleeding that doesn ’ t stop an ... !LINK! 
do you know what happened to vesseldoc aka hollidaydoc 1 ? 
where the heck is darwin , doc ? 
thank you for listing me in your " genuinely sincere hearts " . i am humbled and honored . 
i ran the boston marathon this past spring . glad to still have legs . 
ah you're an east coaster then . i would see your pens and raise you a flyers , but lost my enthusiasm for philly 
not the right # syllables , was hoping u wouldn't notice ;-) 
thank you i am happy to see you here as well ! 
how does your ocean look from the other side ? 
vessel doc , sorry , i should have put vs for vascular surgeon . my apologies ;-) 
i'll try to find someone to walk him until i can adjust my schedule to be home mid day 
the mentally ill are much more difficult to identify and control than guns 
i just run out of patience at 3 times ; if they don't get it by then they need to reschedule and put another nickel in 
i'm ignoring the news , i just live in utah 
kristoff is so smart and concise . 
clever rt to see a patient , i need to open 4 disconnected computer programs . this place needs a mac-over . 
oooh ! matches ! + incendiary hydrocarbons + life's boogeymen = #fireparty 
that school must be in utah ... 
wow ! you reversed your diabetes w weight loss ! that is truly fantastic . be proud of yourself . 
texting and driving / leads to mis-spellings , other / grammar transgressions #haiku psa 
ironically " global warming " is supposed to trigger another ice age , but it may not happen for a few hundred years 
just wondering if you'd read the red book by jung 
multiple addresses ? multiple practice sites ? if u lived in utah multiple addresses wld make u a likely polygamist 
icd you'll find it located right next to 787.9 " abnormal faces " 
the navy college guy sounds promising 
ty for rt's ; i really appreciate your efforts to figure out what sm can do to improve patient experience / quality of care 
love your avatar . 
thank you liza ! i miss colorado alot ! ! ! xxooxxoo colorado ! 
the pics of the dumpster full of sugar and hot tub full of hfcs were mind-blowing ! 
are u a martial artist ? 
you could always try those " pajama jeans " being advertised . 
sweeter to be adored than ignored #sixwords #micropoetry 
practice safe headtrips ; always use a condomundrum 
indeed ! stomach-turning , and i only read one ! 
ooh does that mean you're going to give me a foot rub ? okay ! 
#grateful for all my twitter friends , recent and established ; sending you all love in heart-shaped cranberries !LINK! 
partaking of ding dongs in their food or human form will add megatons of dead weight to your life #nodingdongs 
here i'll just whip out my pocket incinerator and take care of that for you . 
they are furry and affectionate and loyal : they know where their bread is buttered . 
ya i discovered it doesn't even have to be an attractive woman or tits , for that matter , and for some , even a pulse is optional 
aaah prednisone ! now i understand ! 
if the medical system made as many mistakes as the legal system , the patients would all be dead !LINK! 
g night all you fine tweeple , i'm going to dream about partying w y'all in sf 
politics just like reproduction : again , the low iq's rise to the top 
great article ! rt feature : is sitting a lethal activity ? | sunday magazine !LINK! - #health 
ya those posts pretty much sum it up burby . 
my pups are awesome and dispense unconditional love on a daily basis . xxooxxoo to pups and pup lovers around the world 
whatever works in your situation is awesome ! congratulations , that is a major accomplishment ! 
idea bulb ! let's go for a swim on ' s beach ! ! ! 
* love * triathlons ; last yr ran to win , this yrjust hope to do the season ; v bad case plantar fasciitis ; when is ur 1st race ? 
probably just keep it to themselves . my practice is too busy so if it weeds out the wheat from the chaff , so be it 
oh , ok , well if you care to share via dm , i'm listening ... 
i red abt it in the uu newspaper , was curious to chat w someone who's read it 
have fun in the great white north jon ! 
hose is in order unless it spouts pudding , preferably chocolate . 
visited the humane society instead , was picked by the perfect dog , jake ; 1 wk later , i was shopping for jake supplies ... 
my speciality is metamorphosis from doughy abdomen to rock monster ;-) * devilish grin * 
only in the sense of once being married to a boy who values angry birds over gainful employment 
and instead went for gyn where surgery takes < /= 1 hour . my fastest cs 14 mins skin-skin ; tvh : 20 . 
i've always been interested in how dental health impacts pregnancy and gynecologic health ; any related links appreciated :-) 
are you hankering for your trip to europe ? 
your storm piece was really fantastic ... blown away ... 
if a vascular surgeon gets light hearted does he lose his center of anatomy ? ;-) 
not to be confused with everyone poos blood wednesday 
hipaa + emr is a hippo of a joke #hcsm ; less privacy than ever 
hi ! nice to meet you ! we're not far from each other . 
" philosophy is talk on a cereal box " !LINK! 
interesting ... the 5 peeps i spend the most time with are 2 kids , 2 cats and a dog ... 
anyone can stand behind a mask and take on a persona ; it takes real courage to say what you think as the person you are 
ty for clarifying firmware vs hardware ! thot i was going to have to find a compurologist to figure that one out . 
your clear-eyed spirit free of cynicism resists the cloying muckish death-wish of ignorance and prejudice moves worlds #malala #micropoem 
i envy your productive unharriedness ; i feel like it's all i can do to keep from drowning in work ; i choose to ignore it . 
but i'm not sure it's evenly balanced , sometimes it seems like 10:1 evil : good 
ya thought i'd have to travel abroad to serve oppressed women , * not * 
overall , tweeting and blogging affect my practice in a rewarding way !LINK! 
what's ur run today ? 
agree mcaid / care doesn't pay me to educate pt rt time is a big issue . 1 min to write script and 15-20 to avoid . #mdchat 
american men are gaming themselves into irrelevance !LINK! 
more interesting / than the colored / lights are all / the multicolored / people #gogyohka #micropoetry #lasvegas 
" he knows the things you want that are not on your list . " #howiknowsantaisreal 
i don't think social media has much value other than entertainment / news . sm is a minimal , if any , part of a profitable biz model . 
dead babies aren't cards . there are real risks to tge fetus for being fat and pregnant . 
srsly ? but i could feel my mitochondria heating up ! 
public radio fund drives are music to the ears compared to the shrill drivel and tripe emanating from tv news & " talk radio " 
what i wouldn't give to have 8 interlinked brains : !LINK! via @jadabumrad 
maybe you have a food baby ... 
hi paul , i like your whimsical merging of the cerebral science with earth , body , passion in ur flash fiction . ty for sharing :-) 
kitty decinditioning works ! cat will now stay in same room as dog with no blood shedding ! 
ty for the follow , wish i'd found you when i was in my french haiku stage 
on the upside my 15 yr old son has better employment prospects than my 40 yr old ex 
i have no interest in tv , twitter more fun ! 
very inspiring post about ironman by rt !LINK! 
i think i'll go back to contemplating curry . waxing young girls is child abuse . 
it's not me i'm concerned about ; it's my newbie son driver ; he and my daughter are my world . utah drivers are very aggressive . 
bad idea ? 
how is being a " student " at 50 ? 
hot turkey knocks kids out cold ;-) 
i clearly see your countenance consequences and raise you two ramifications ;-) 
standing in grey november rain / i stare through shit-colored glasses / ' til i see you on / the other side / thank you , my friend #gogyohka 
" the cookies and milk are gone in the morning . " #howiknowsantaisreal 
if u wanna get away from everyone , twitter is a cheaper substitute for a hotel , altho u still have 2 watch out 4 the wet spot 
sure if you work people like dogs and pay them nothing , that earns a lot of money for the institution #residency = slavelabor 
ans : lazy vain bum with attitude : no cure ( imho ) 
honored / to fail / at poetry / rather than / succeed at greed #gogyohka #micropoetry backatcha 
it's going to be about 8 hours ... 
...anxiety/depression in wmn ; have u ever heard of the perimenopausal dreads ? 
really enjoy greg's blog posts rt shrink rapping : being there !LINK! . birth and death . writing and grieving . 
thank you , yes , worked hard , more to follow 
part 4 : the devil is a wal mart greeter #lessambitiousfilms #lessambitiousmovies 
tim decristopher single-handedly put a hold on gas development in southern utah with a single peaceful act : !LINK! 
interesting angle on a rope !LINK! 
he's already trained to pee outside and i'm caught between confusing him about peeing inside vs . having him pee on floor b4 i get home ( 2/2 ) 
friendly and funny much better than the alternatives 
mcveigh seemed to have been able to string 2 thoughts together ... 
sleeping baby in my lap sweetness !LINK! 
jakey is so smart and athletic i think he'd be great on an agility course . 
gorgeous ! rt tiger models the beautiful handknit scarf from . thank you so much ! ! ! love it ! ! !LINK! 
how is your tent today ? did you get the sand out of it ? can you tweet us a picture ? 
ob : gynecologist by day ; whothefuckcaresologist by night 
seeking an agent for my hormone book . can you recommend someone who represents nonfiction ? 
doing kaplan at home / on line 
" religion is a smile on a dog " !LINK! 
oh ! alliterated , twitterpated ! now i'm in love : it's copascetic if you cop out on coprophagia when presented with a coprolith 
oooh can i light a match to my sloth too ? g night xoxoxo beautiful soul you 
i've always been impressed w the powers of mitochondria rt new understanding of autism !LINK! via 
beware of twitter dates ; unemployed narcissists may be masquerading as sweet , adorable guys 
military intelligence , mental health , ya that does make a lot of sense 
unintended advantage is pts check me out via twitter / my blog , so i self-select for peeps who are more likely to gel w / me #hcsm 
actually , poverty is the womb and radicalism is the sperm 
thank you dc ; love ur new forehead ! 
5 am is my favorite time of the day ; after 5 am i'm completely worthless 
it was ! gobbled up by kids in seconds flat 
check out ' s blog for a male perspective on infertility . new blog post : ' the two week wait ' !LINK! ( re-post ) 
i really want to adopt 2 or three more dogs to train for therapy and agility ; i'm a complete sucker for doggie eyes 
i alliterate and artwiculate to tittillate and twitterpate 
i love your twitter background ! 
what a day ! non stop action , started with flying twins !LINK! 
great article rt personal responsibility and societal structure changes that reduce obesity !LINK! 
just one ? then of the choices it is physical touch . 
i can appreciate wanting to make it ur own :-) 
doctors who are looking the other way at the obesity problem are enabling it to perpetuate . 
i do sprint tris ; don't have time to train for the longer distances ; looking into a winter tri w ski instead of swim leg 
really ? your avi looks like a goldie ! i have a dobe mix and a border collie mix !LINK! 
great new avi ! 
ya , when i start having chest pain at work , i think i'm doing enuf or will drop dead . 
the only solution for nut cases is to block them out of your life 
most male ob-gyns i've met seem like decent guys but the few bad apples tend to be seriously twisted . 
indeed , the trick is keeping one's fingers clear of the spawnteeth during the inhalation process or it's a bloody hamburger mess 
not even the famed iowa workshop ? 
ya i cared too much and it ran me into the ground ; now researching exit strategy 
i've never met someone w schizophrenia who wasn't shouting from a street corner ; ty for the links . 
because it seems so vaguely defined . 
yes slc winter inversion , might as well be hooked up directly to tail pipe :-/ 
love that snitty rt " aw fuck it - i've begun scooping up all my tweets and meshing them into hopeful chapters . * groans * " 
is that a booger dangling from your nose ? 
fantastic writing rt new post --> " you just know " !LINK! 
it was the best tg in at least 10 years ! how was yours ? 
it's much easier to care about ppl who care about themselves , instead of showing up in the office expecting a pill 
doing great ! training for triathlon season . plus i want to adopt 2 more dogs , trying to decide . 
actually , instead of eating the well balanced meal prepared by the hospital , many post op patients bring in wendys . 
congrats jen ! rt my op-ed in we're getting maternity care all wrong !LINK! #preemie 
but it's finally caught up to me . i've been falling asleep at the wheel driving to work . so i'm reducing sched . 
innonence ceases to exist beyond age 5 imho , but there are many worthy alternatives such as empathy , compassion , generosity ... 
vegas : / alcohol flows in rivers , / pixelated big screen / t & a is dominant landscape / bankruptcy attorneys advert on fm #gogyohka 
all i know is snitty better be here when apple betty comes outta oven or will be hoovered by us and kids 
ah ! richmond doc is awake ! hello virginia ! 
yes ! beach , home made curry , good aussie red : i'm there baby ! 
i was considering getting a vanity plate for it , " vulva " ;-) 
nite ! nice to meet you ! 
happy 50 to wayne gretzky ! 
medical neologisms : orbicularis ossicus , orbicularis osteosis , orbicularis osmodicus , orbicularis orgasmicus 
agree ! rt most mentally ill people are never violent , they are victims of violence . 
have a great night 
that would be 666.6 rt what i'd really like is the code for " fucked up , nos " . #icd9 
in many cases the patient has 99.9 % of control over the disease process--the doc < 0.1 % 
welcome to the dark side ;-) 
he evolved into suffocating dependence . gave up on men with him and adopted the puppies instead ; they are less needy & more fun 
was married to a geek ; he spent his time collecting star wars toys instead of working or going to school 
ya that's what happens when you're dealing with gushy middles 
free spirits #ff 
people who mock and blame others just lack the courage and drive to accept responsibility for their lives . 
yes , once . you ? ' night 
re : kennel cough , it's slowly improving ; he's on doxycycline 
those cupcakes are adorably brilliant ! 
our heads may dwell in / electron clouds but our hands / still just made of clay #haiku #micropoetry !LINK! 
please put the soothing oz sunset channel on and shut the speedo one off , thank you 
so jealous ! would love to be there ! 
recommend " crazy time " by abigail trafford 
what's puppy time ? 
mary oliver won a nobel in 1971 and a pulitzer in 1984 for her poetry 
and our culture doesn't raise prince charmings ; it raises boys who play video games and mainline porn 
wow ! gorgeous . would rather be there than here !LINK! 
lol passing the lestat qualifies one to be a perennial leach ! 
check , check 
hi paul , i graduated from temple med in 1992 ; almost did peds at chop but decided to do ob / gyn instead . 
i'll tweet it again : facebook is to twitter as molasses is to crack ;-) 
doing great ! frittering w the dogs until i absolutely have to start the day ... 
love you too snitty ! have the foul winds of the dreads passed yet ? 
ha ! made you look ! ;-) 
they need to address tort reform ! rt the top five branches of health law gop wants to prune : npr !LINK! 
... instead of being used to feed the kids and pay for school supplies . what is going to be done about it ? 
hated women physicians . that was my " welcome to utah " after i'd discounted all the rumors . 
just learned the lds church has an official twitter acct , interesting ... 
did you know that a mere ten year ago pubic hair was normal ? ( people have gotten so weird ) 
they do get it but they have no $ to pay lobbyists 
there is no cure for stupidity 
congrats ! rt just got accepted as panelists for the iowa writer's conference " writing and the art of medicine " meeting in april ! 
thank you for encouraging my inner homemaker :-) 
link please ? rt we have found the " flu script " and flu packs to be helpful #mdchat 
rach prelude in c sharp minor 
and you can carry off the monocle look ! next stop : gq , hot stuff . 
i'm off tweeple , great #mdchat tonight ; ty for moderating ty all for your thoughts and links 
very few activities in this world are as soothing as cleaning house with mozart playing . #zenofhousekeeping 
gnight all u funny tweeple ... tweet dweams .. i tawt i saw a puddy tat ! 
is that why there are special quarters for congugational visits ? 
your own denial / perpetuates an endless / mansion of mirrors #haiku #micropoetry 
and an x-c runner ! now i'm totally in love ! ;-) 
off to finish making dinner ! tweet all you good peeps in a bit ! 
the only oboists i knew personally were cute asian girls 
she's a 3 month old dobe mix !LINK! 
tmi 
y is it my exercise program is always sidelined by injuries ? oh well , the 12 % body fat and 6 pack abs were great while they lasted 
tons of fun ! 
ya , on 2nd thot it does look like milk weed 
must have some way 2 compensate 4 being 5 ' 3 " , weighing 110 ; i'd show u the sixpak but don't believe in tweeting that much skin ;-) 
ya , i totally get off on " helminths " and " cytokines " and " interleukins " #geekgirlhighonsciencewords 
imho our pornographic society has fostered serious breakdown in boundaries !LINK! 
... on the american altar of " it's not my fault " 
ty for rting my clancular #gogyohka hearts to you 
only by knowing and making peace with the universe inside our heads / hearts / souls can we succeed in the big world outside 
oh dear , that cheap meat isn't worth aerating a good single malt out the nasal passages over , so sorry good sir bat 
your new avi is gorgeous 
you speak of the metaphorical penis , correct ? 
why else would i stay up until 2 a . m . letting a woman push , when i knew she would wind up w a cs ; * after * a 30 ... 
now if only clean ears could make me hear nothing but music . 
that is excellent depth perception and words of encouragement on your part ; thank you for being my cyber friend xx 
and in other news : senior research staph convenes pustule , cellebrates cellulitis 
oooh ! fun ! is there a wizard iof oz day ? 
have u seen the sea slug called a spanish dancer who frequents australian waters like a sultry flamenco ? #watchingoceanswkids 
that is the most inspiring , thoughtful tweet anyone has ever sent me ; thank you for brightening the day , xxoo and namaste 
makes you wish your office ceiling had little drop down oxygen masks for just such emergencies ; eject button wld be nice too 
i got her one , it's a wee bit small , so back to petco tmrw for another size 
alliterative awesomesauce #ff 
thinking of trying to find a flock of sheep to let jake get his game on ; anyone have a spare flock needs herding ? 
the amount of sexism i've experienced from other md's is astounding 

missed you ! here's dinner : citrus soy stir fry !LINK! 10 yr old daughter made it ; she's a talented cook 
have you listened to dw's cd , " poetry of self compassion " ? he reads some of the best of his and mo's work . 
it wad a tongue in cheek question , but since you raised the question ... ( see next post ) 
ooh ! radio / tv great idea ! if i tune it to npr do you think it will make him smarter ? 
so at a " tweetup " do people actually talk to each other or do they just stand in the same room and tweet each other ? 
ok can you send me some links to good reviews ? 
pathology of #suburbia simple : people who have everything but appreciate nothing 
did someone say steak ? ! ? !LINK! 
yw , looking forward to your tweets ! 
i don't know of any clinics or hospitals per se , just individuals as you see here . 
i appreciate any form of mania , malappropriate or not 
it's not the climbing that's scary , it's the letting go ! !LINK! 
if u remain unconvinced of gop hypocrisy , utah has the highest # of financial con men and accessors of internet porn of any state ( wsj ) 
my son does amazing , diverse impressions : his diane rheems ( npr ) and apu ( simpsons , quickimart ) can't be beat ! 
agree rt if you outline a clear policy then most people will never ask for advice . i very rarely deal with the issue . 
that is a very thought provoking tweet re asian w & self-criticism , still trying to wrap my brain around it . elaborate ? 
do you have parakeets ? 
ok how bout chocolate covered veggie bacon ? 
my blog is !LINK! about women's health and other health topics 
re who heals who : people can only heal themselves . they can't be healed by pills or other people . imho . 
i deactivated iphone autocorrect ; tired of little hal telling me how to write ;-) 
more confirmations of dogs ' sixth sense : while ex was here for daughter's bday the dogs were anxious , bouncing off the walls 
pred wreaks havoc on body weight . glad to hear your free of the dreaded predisease 
#aco's sound attractive in theory but hard to implement esp in a society as hypochondriacal as america . 
which epidemic ? the fat one or the fart one ? 
a photo , as requested !LINK! 
wow , that sounds like a lot of demands on your time and attention . 
jake loves nivea . whenever i put it on he licks me all over and wants to cuddle !LINK! 
does santa have snow tires on his bike ? 
bet you regret starting me on a gynecologic topic ;-) 
15 going on 30 , & 11 going on 29 ; boy , girl 
lmao rofl ! ! ! rt i've never gotten one [ a vagina ] down to my stomach before . 
more and more mds are hospital ee's--not sure good for pts--incentivizes hosp care #mdchat ( no particular topic ) 
yes , i want to be a lean mean skate-skiing machine ... if i can ever get rid of this plantar fasciitis ! 
from a surgeon ' s standpoint , an example of a " big deal " is audible blood loss 
don't know why you listed me here . i know nothing about sex ed ;-) 
i don't like talking politics on twitter because it attracts nutso followers . how about a haiku instead ? 
lol ! should i call in a specialist or do you think #totalbastardpcp can handle that one ? 
feb 12 lsat ; jan 29 gmat 
puppy run in the sun ! !LINK! finally met someone who can keep up with me ! 
some people ( e . g . ) are able to find genius in the lou with a roll of t . p . go figure . envy those people . 
what kind of cartoons do you draw ? 
hats off to you , hat-tricker , and congrats ! 
had a er patient try that one on me when i was a resident 
a flagrant bonfire is a tempting solution to life's too-much-stuff-periods * dangles matches and lighter fluid 
don't you mean lotsa tweeting ? pics ? 
hands move with knife-like / precision , whirling blades of / human columbine #haiku #blackbeltmicropoetry 
hi dana , thank you for listing me ! i * love * the peonies in your background ! are they from your garden ? em r some sexy pink petals 
excellent question . rt do you think mankind is making any significant progress towards peace , tolerance and understanding ? 
how can i resist batman with the finger ? 
night all 
as i understand , afghani and african women are some of the most disenfranchised and abused in the entire world . wish i could help . 
gorgeous ! do they sleep in your bed ? how does everyone fit ? do they all get along ? 
the dogs are the persuasive ones , i used to not like dogs in general ... odd , eh ? 
indeed hr posts great links ! 
i mostly work , take care of kids , and sometimes sleep . but then there's the occasional hike w the dogs brings it into prspctiv 
perhaps but more women go to college than men in this country ; women are working and raising the kids and cleaning the house 
how bout a double choc chip ' damia wrapped w bacon w a cherry on top ? 
i knew a psyd whose professional opinion was " all teens exhibit borderline personality d / o at one time or another . " 
wow i missed a srsly rowdy party last night ! 
no , quite the opposite , a relationship ; what you been up to down under ? 
great post gus ! rt my latest blog post : how to show compassion when you are annoyed ! !LINK! - - - spread the word ! 
how many syllables have you been using ? 
indeed , considering most of the " thinking " here is done with the * other head * 
i seriously thing some peopke seek out surgey in order to try to sue and hit $ $ & jackpot #medicolegallottery people are greedy and evil 
too much stuff is indeed a burden ! it weighs on the spirit and inveigles us with false meaning ... 
ya illustrates the peter principle 
wow ! em are some sexy hot twitter mamaz ! 
no pen name 
ya sometimes the only solution to the dreads is to retreat under the covers until it blows through ... glad to hear you feel better ! 
white petals spill / swirling sweet / blossom perfume / as blue light / descends in the garden . / deep inhale #gogyohka #micropoetry 
happy bd ! rt happy birthday , dr cris ! rt : happy birthday to me ! and happy birthday to ! 
the american male is rapidly consigning himself to irrelevance by not ponying up to the game of reality 
it's just a theory based on what's probably a bunch of non sequitors 
free and writhing in las vegas #sixwords #micropoem 
it's a menage a trois ! word-geek style ! 
nice to meet u ! what flavor introvert are you ? 
u could call it that , or wall thrashing 
lots of new interesting comments on anxiety , hormones , and perimenopause : !LINK! 
hmmm maybe i should sign up to retake geometry ? loved it the first time around , refresher couldn't hurt 
rotties are cool peeps too . 
proves women are quicker studies ;-) 
um ? 
glad i never took sermo seriously !LINK! 
hilarious post by my friend , fritz , on the many cheesy flavors of marathon and ultra-run pain !LINK! 
try cheerios next time :-) 
twitter . 
q : what's a long distance sling shot ? a : a schlong shot 
the fact is : we need good government ; for peeps who hate gov't would you prefer the alternative , anarchy ? duh . 
i think narcissists only value people for what they can get out of them . 
indeed , have found a fragment of bliss , holding on for dear life 
oh , the askimet works fairly well for me 
we're all legends in our own minds ;-) 
cool kid , ahead of her time 
frondulous / feathery frondulosum / of the jellyfish / undulate with grace , / surfacing #gogyohka #twitalliteration for 
pregnancy and the cycle of obesity !LINK! 
what a relief to know that ! now where are those golden tablets ? 
i've just developed a standard response : " so sorry , i can't dispense medical advice via twitter . #legaladvice " peeps get it 
pcn was a boon to human longevity but nothing would change the world for the better now as much as weaning off oil 
see what you missed ? all the good stuff happens after you're in bed . that'll teach ya ! 
have you read anything in the literature on anosmia and narcissism ? 
it sounds seriously hard ! impressive to just finish ! 
... financially penalized for my patients ' lack of self care ; that's major hurdle re outcome-based reimbursem't 
wow , i'd rather stick a fork in my eye than begin a medical career at age 44 . kudos to you ! 
indeed put on your own oxygen mask first ! 
a pregnant man ! finally ! science rocks ! rt all class .. i mean all ass #speedos !LINK! 
indeed , lack of empathy is a hallmark of narcissism 
true rt losing weight is about restricting calories . getting tight and lean is about workouts + nutrition . 
i love the love in this rt " seven hundred steps to where you are , doesn ’ t really seem all that far today " !LINK! 
ty for the lovely ff's & rts 
great stuff ! are you making rusty a pair ? ( or a quad ) 
you changed your avi ! you are adorable in that hat and you have beautiful green eyes ! 
i like rt t1 : a program that medical soc . of va found.offers to help explain abxs to pts : !LINK! #mdchat 
tu 4 the bday wishes ; happy 2011 to you good peeps ! 
old ? you ? hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ! ! ! 
g'night good peeps ! great convo tonight abt empathy , pets , patients , olfactory capacity , and npds . thank you ! xx [ tucks you in ] 
i'm stitching in the ditch today ... working up the nerve to go freestyle !LINK! 
for pa's and advanced prac nurses ; if you do md don't plan on private practice as many private practices will be going out 
na , i leave that to the tsa ;-) 
being successful and well-liked by customers seems to expose one to be a target of workplace bullies 
and based on my observation of dogs , i think their sense of empathy is linked to their strong sense of smell 
today's forecats : partly cloudy with a chance of hairballs 
have been tele skiing since about 1996 . * love * it ! 
one last tweet for : effusive electronic effluvia evoke elation #twitalliteration ' night all you good smart peeps 
one of my more interesting internet discoveries , mark dimor's site : !LINK! 
i'm just dog-sitting her for a friend , but she is gorgeous isn't she ? !LINK! 
soft call inductions are patient driven 
thank you for existing and following me . nice to know there are still a few moderate people with common sense here . 
temple was great when i was there ! if i had chance to be top chef i don't think i'd pursue md so good on you ! 
yes indeed ! all the sane peeps seem to hail from leeds ! 
does it make you an old maid if , on an evening w no kids , u look forward to hangin ' w your dog & cats instead of your smothering boyfriend ? 
the brown barbaloot suit is actually cuter than the thneed ;-) 
the risk of c section with high bmi is up to 60 % 
#ff kewl ppl 
wsj dubbed ut " the fraud capitol of the world " 
engaging in solipsism and tweeting from the dark side ... e . g . see next tweet 
ty for the ff ; you have a nice anterior cingulate gyrus ; how's ur hippocampus ? 
ty for the ww ! you changed your avatar ! what happened to your adorable visage ? 
what i love about quilting : it involves the concentration and skill of surgery without the threat of audible blood loss or death ;-) 
wanna see big mormon bucks ? come to slc . 
thr one recommending no impact exercise for 6-12 mos post partum , i respectfully disagree 
nice to c u again , congrats on usmle 
what are your favorite indian dishes ? i want to cook some indian food ... 
i went for a 3 hour walk / run with the dogs today . first triathlon is in april and i need to get in shape . how are you ? 
agree ! " i think there's much more to be gained short term by using sm to help providers connect #hcsm " 
indeed , and rachel ray's 30 minute meals actually take an hour and 30 minutes 
ya i vote for clinton kelly as the sexiest man in america ! confident , fit , funny , smart , sophisticated 
thank you good sir . the poor wizard's been lying neglected in the corner collecting dust bunnies for years . 
interesting bio ! nice to meet you . we need innovation in hc education . 
thank you jodi . you are a sweetie pie xx 
5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... hot aple betty honey ! just 4u sweet snitty !LINK! 
it's not the birdopylypse but the birdcrapopolyse that'll get ya 
xmas gift to you : warm wooly gloves with superhot fingers ! ( if only i could knit ! ) 
hey sam , what are you doing with your md mba ? 
rare ? hahahahahahahaha come visit utah where pedophilia is institutionalized under the guise of " freedom of religion " 
wow now * that * is news i'll pay attention to ! 
thank you for the rt good sir , love to see the peeps here who write well * and * have a good sense of humor 
thank you ! i thot so too ... 
although i did get some amazon reviews of my book last year by sending out free copies to peeps i met on twitter ; didn't = big sales 
hi amoz ! nice to see you ! ty for the rt ! 
i would like to adjust my world views w trips around the world ;-) 
i wanna go " slumming " w you . ;-) 
snitty u crack me up ! ! ! i love you sooo much girl ! 
nice vista ! makes me want to visit costa rica ! 
so if i grow long fur , howl at a full moon , and change personalities once a month , does that mean you'll walk with me ? ? ? ;-) 
have no need for romance but would greatly appreciate someone who could cook and clean up after himself 
wonders of modern pharmacology ? better living through chemistry ? 
at least according to this ajog article i'm reading on sleep deprivation and obgyn 
hilarious ! rt this is how i feel when talking to theists . #atheism !LINK! 
in that case , i definitely would not recommend you try lsd . 
sally thank you for sharing . you have a lot of courage and are a brave and noble spirit . 
it's the drug seekers drives me to scream for ass cream ; how to get a giant hairy narcotic seeker outta the orifice ? 
i think it was actually a blue moon last night ... 
thank you , good sir , had to edit it because i thought of one more " o " but i could not get the word " orgasm " into it . 
so jealous of you going to playoff hockey ; vancouver , eh ? i knew you were too cool to be american ... 
just finished reading th mormon murders ... creepy ... 
r u still coming to slc to chk out md phd program ? 
if they gave a sh * t in the first place many of them wouldn't be diabetic #eatrightandexercise 
ya i loved the audi for the space capsule feel of it , but i just don't want my son to wrap himself around a tree in a car 
dear pregnant patient : if you request ultrasound with every visit you are requesting appx $ 5000 in unneeded testing . #think ! 
later ! zzzzx 
it's nearly impossible to be a mom and a doctor unless you have a man who will pull his weight #mommd 
that's about the most erudite , passionate thread i've read in a while ... great writing abl 
dm 
ya elective inductions long been assoc w higher rds , lower birth weights , more comps . of prematurity ; in med lit for > decade 
i don't think they have the means to " jet out of it " 
hypochondriasis = anxiety abt health out of proportion to presence of verifiable illness 
indeed , unhappy in life , unhappy in death . might as well decide to be happy . 
in my experiences with mean people , their behavior is driven by low self esteem and a tendency to blame others for their probs 
submerge with you in / sensuous bath , fragrant , warm / feathered rose petals #haiku !LINK! 
imho tele easier on knees once u've built up quad strength . might want 2 go 2 gym and do squats / lunges for few wks b4 ski season 
for some reason you just made me really hungry for good indian curry 
she's adorable , poor baby , i hope she gets better . maybe some long walks ... 
on the upside , there is running water and electricity in slc ;-) 
the gop is declaring war on women , children , and the poor , but they were happy to throw money at a search for fictional wmd in 2002 - ' 03 
i envy your job ; i should have done psych instead 
i'd be interested in hearing your opinion on how we raise boys and girls in a rape culture ... 
no matter how deep / you bury pessimism / it's radioactive #haiku #micropoetry 
enforcing boundaries pisses people off ; they always walt to cross them . 
what can i say ? great minds think alike ! ;-) 
aahhh you're a socyal medya mavyn ! what fun ! 
does it have a dnr order ? 
don't be discouraged . just keep trying to save the world , even though it will hate you for it the morning after : 
ya there's 2 elements to the male psyche : they'll boink anything that moves and ... 
been trying to make major life decisions 
wow nice gams rh2 
wow , smart bees rt bees are sealing up polluted pollen !LINK! 
hi nick , hi kelly , how ya doin ? 
even if i clean as i go it's dish mayhem 
all these litte mid east scuffles wil either lead to innovating new energy sources or to the really big war 
thank you ! that list will keep me busy for a few minutes ... 
lol ! thank you ! rt " i don't eat very much " . sound familiar ? !LINK! 
doesn't it depend on the power of the suckage applied ? 
precisely ! did you see how when it got really hot in the kitchen , he went outside to get some air ? 
ugh me too : just block 
many slc tweeps serm to be ultra right wingers ; would not want to meet them in person 
rock ! as in rock monster ! rock monkey ! rock on ! 
interesting new friends , interactive peeps ; #ff 
astounding . rt women pushed aside not one woman has been named to the national committee writing the new egyptian constitution . 
!LINK! ( typo earlier ) 
sounds like you spent your penis friday reading the news ; would you like some prozac now ? 
looks delish ! and far from utah . know why you always take 2 mormons fishing ? coz if u only take 1 , he'll drink all your beer 
ontario celebrates family day ? canadians really are cool . 
it's like multiverses ; forget universe 
24 hrs of sleep deprivation equates to functioning legally drunk 
ty for the rt's ! 
there's no remedy for extreme stupidity #sixwords 
except the drummer's probably stoned , the oboeist less likely ... 
ya i'm just trying to get to get his hands off his light saber because the brain is the key to real sexuality ... 
u should know by now anything u look up on burb's mention carries a ggg rating ( triple gross ) 
what about when the pap comes back abnormal penile squamous cells ? #truestory 
few people inspire me to poetry any more , but #malala is one : !LINK! 
cherry tree erupts / in full bloom , forward courage / ' neath clouds bearing snow !LINK! #haiku & pic for 
thank god my kids are fantastic because the man who spawned them is a freaking nightmare tn 
may your penisfriday be blissfully free of asshats #ff 
but i don't have any tools as strong as a volvo to protect my daughter from the onslaught of hormones ; best i can hope for is ocps ( 3/3 ) :-( 
i love pioneer hospital in west valley , fantastic staff , coolest docs 
dogs are much less likely to tend toward toxic narcissism than humans imho 
those greeks are great on neuroendocrinology and nutrition ; found a ton of stuff written by them in researching my hormone book 
chk your dms when u return 
i feel irritated at this moment and i am a woman so i decided to follow you . 
on penisfriday do you receive more requests for ed drugs from pts whose " friend " took them ? 
do you have kids ? if so your kids will be dealing with it . 
utah may be the perfect market for my hormone book 
people with those kinds of problems--it's always someone else's fault 
nothing is sexier than a man who stands up for his health , his home , and the health of his kids : tim decristopher !LINK! 
a residual lesion persists in a monetary form ; working on aggressive surgical and non-surgical options to remove ;-) 
and check 
any specifics on stretching for pf ? 
' night snitty , sweet dreams ... 
in fact , every time i tweet those words , i get a slew of unfollowers as well as followers ; the schizo-dirty-twitter-zeitgeist 
definitely pudding ! preferably chocolate 
i'm at what women want at the south towne center in sandy , ut today . drop by , say hello , get answers to your women's health questions ! 
how can i resist a book published by insomniac press ? !LINK! 
as i recently learned the hard way people don't want critical thinking , truth , intellectualism : they want doritos & popcorn 
so sad no man is worth killing self and kids 
one patient came into the office recently and told me she liked my taste in poetry . 
i'm more of a tactile person 
well , i * am * dog crazy :-) 
thank you for the book recommendation , the art of raising a puppy , by the monks of new skete . it's fantastic ! 
apparently you can't use the f word on twitter without being pilloried . and i mean fat not f * * * 
any links on mrsa decolonization ? #mdchat 
you'd be a complete idiot to go to med school in this day and age ; may i suggest vet school instead 
congrats to your friend , craig ! 
agree ! noice accent ! 
see what i mean ? ex mormons as vehement as ex smokers ... 
symbiosis indicates a well selected spouse ... cheers ! 
so how long do u think it will take those lds folks who foll'd me after our last convo to notice i'm not only atheist , but pagan 
do you have a definition for hyper-local ? #hcsm 
the dog is already scared of the cats . i'm attempting kitty deconditioning : holding them near the dog and feeding them treats . 
scary ! what a bunch of nuts ! 
also , jake seems less interested in harassing the cats with penny around to play ... 
ya it's reverse leach tx : the leaches are sucking the drive to practice medicine out of the doctors 
good night sweet pink heart of gold * tucksyouin * 
i resemble that remark ! rt creative people tend to be constantly busy with new projects that make them feel alive . 
you should read bios before dissing on someone 
no but the protoscopic approach might be illuminating ;-) 
always love seeing / your two avis pop up on / cyberspace timeline #haiku for friends . 
ahem ! cough ! cough ! snore ! wheeze ! 
i know the type ; underachiever over-b.s.er 
wow - very lucky ! 
i did not find new eyes and ears to be a true cure for real burnout #platitudesdon'thelp 
may your vessels always be plaque-free :-) 
are you seriously asking that ? chk my blog and twitter stream . i was one of the earliest md users of twitter #mdchat 
sounds like a night of call rt your assiduous / complaint / rings hollow / like a single coin / in a tin cup 
yay ! confetti ! 
oh i * love * it ! ! artwiculate ! ty for the intro :-) 
ya welcome to pioneerville 
running with the powderhounds ! yee haaa ! !LINK! 
only if they practice safe ramification with poetic prophylaxis 
hmm just think of all the creative ways you two could use those kitchens ... could be more fun than you think 
ty spencer ! i feel genuinely remorseful for having offended people by using levity to draw attention to a serious problem . 
you're in az ! zomg we're neighbors ! ! ! 
the walk of which i speak was to hanging lake under a january full moon after fresh powder . 
the " uncertainty of meaning " is where all the good stuff resides ! 
i'd pony up some serious change for the iphone jerk alert ; #wsj take note ; when is the ipo ? 
frosty the forsythia !LINK! 
i'm sorry about your mom . hearts to you . xxooxo . 
i've been using sm for 2 years to market my book ; roi zero or less than zero 
re : ativan / zyprexa air freshener : pts won't remember what u say but they'll be happy ! 
can't wait for your bourbon and bacon restaurant ! 
being a jack of all trades is better than being a jerk of nun 
how are you feeling ? nausea resolved ? 
that was my favorite nietzsche quote . i used it on my poetry blog when i actually kept it up . 
meet my new best friend , jake ! he's a sweet cuddly love who can * run * ! !LINK! 
spring might make it easier to house train w warmer weather , if you get a puppy who's not house trained .. jake is , but penny not 
zomg * love * conflagrations complete with incendiary hydrocarbons ! { giggling uncontrollably } 
that is if you can locate the logos and the ethos in the haystack of the pathos 
since i've learned i can't pick men , i've quit trying 
luv u snitty . how's your tg shaping up ? i'm preparing to cook feast for my mom , step-dad , kids , and a few friends . happy joy ! 
vd : your pistol is samokin ' today ! rt if someone truly oozes sexuality they probably need an antibiotic . 
coll stuff rt news : antarctic lake hides bizarre ecosystem !LINK! 
adjusting one's world view from time to time in the face of evidence is healthy and adaptive :-) 
good post greg , what about twittercide ? 
no disdain , only trying to illustrate the * disconnect * between the problem of obesity and the acknowledgment of the problem 
i removed a broken light bulb from a vagina in residency--now that was * ouch * 
does your hospital use sm ? #hcsm 
real men who can converse abt topic beyond penis #ff 
the unconditional love of dogs surpasses anything adult humans have to offer ... 
b / c people who take the trouble to come in for a visit expect to walk out with a pill #mdchat 
need to upsize pay for primary care and brain work - - would go a long way to down sizing overall cost of hc 
always wondered what the male doc's antivenom is re green vag discharge [ holding nose , squinting ] 
it must include a dog ! 
ya the only time being awake that long is fun is if it includes mania ;-) #notspeakingfromexperience 
my experience with mormon men in the workplace is they are openly misogynistic 
i dunno , there's something kinda sexy ' bout a guy who can wrangle telepsychiatry to the ground and live to tell about it . ;-) 
why hasn't the maker of implanon blitzed docs with this info ? not ok in age of internet . 
i didn't know self criticism was part of the asian female ethos , would you write some poems about it ? 
gorgeous 
ooo do share the pics ! 
chocolate and shiraz rt but i love cookies and whiskey 
looks at these gorgeous puppy paws ! and she's only 4 mos old ; i sure can pick pups !LINK! 
i don't know : some people awfully interesting without all that skin and fat #iloveanatomy 
no religion in governance ; separation of church from state 
what a bizarre day . corporate medicine does not " get " physician work schedule #fail 
ya , come to ski or hike and have a few brewskis 
i met you in the life i lived / before the child inside me died / in the warmth of our embrace / i feel her breathe / perhaps revived #gogyohka 
the verdict is in : dog knows how to clean up after himself ergo dog smarter than man ; if only he had opposable thumbs ... 
i saw one of those on the dog whisperer 
" if you don't have a chimney he just ' pops ' in - - he's magic - - it's a santa thing . " #howiknowsantaisreal 
hi princess , i * love * your @ name . how did you come up with it ? must be glorious to be part of a candy empire . 
i love stirring the pot ! ty 4 the follow ! nice 2 meet u . 
indeed , kneedeep ; anyone gotta backhoe ? 
trade ya ! 
funny , that's how i think of my patients 
new post on miscarriage : !LINK! 
ty for the rt ; i think my dog trainer friend has mistaken me for a dog whisperer ; she asked me to take ena ... 
goodnight meredith ! 
don't use sm for deep friendships ; use it as distraction for downtime ; all the cool peeps on twitter seem to live far from me . 
wow ! congrats on finishing an ironman ! it sounds like you're living my dream life . wanna trade ? 
ty for the ff 
ya those are second only to the ones who show up in labor and say , " i didn't know i was pregnant . " #whereisdarwin ? 
having to assume the increased risk of infection and wound complications operating on fat people is a real bummer . 
really ? it has a * sweet * leather back seat ample for " pashin " plus the back goes down--roomy enuf 4 my camping mattress :-) 
lots of interesting comments and good discussion on the incontinence and prolapse posts lately !LINK! 
lol ! rt uhm , since when did you switch from veins to brains ? ! cc 
nice poem & pic rt summer light blows in ~ a misty fire of morning ~ sparkles in the dust !LINK! 
did u see my earlier tweet re : buttrash is my day every day ? 
like a " lifepartner " band ; we affirm it on a daily basis if we're still feeling it ; the moment i stop feelin ' it , it becomes ... 
i went into medicine with a lot of altruism and enthusiasm , but now i would not recommend it to my kids or friends 
food ? polymer ? reactor core ? !LINK! 
smart baby 
why would the intima be thickened but no plaque present ? chronic stress ? inflammation ? 
cool running guy ! rt dailymiler of the week - richard h !LINK! 
ime ppl who tout high " angry birds " scores have no life skills and all the unemployed time in the wrld 
it is indeed beautiful . 
cool ! rt going supernova : while searching the skies for black holes using nasa's spitzer space telesco ... !LINK! 
11 & 15 in my experience 
ya i so miss the philly dogwoods ! spring on utah occurs in june . if you were there before june it would indeed be brown . 
did you use anesthesia ? e . g . lidocaine jelly or something similar ? if not , tsk tsk 
the beauty of twitter is you can delete the negative channels . 
hmmm on second thought , both my dogs picked me ; consider strolling the humane society and see if a dog picks you ... 
you're just being so tongue-in-cheeky ! 
if it weren't a chevy , i'd be interested in the volt ; too bad ford not making it 
with your bountiful smile and sparkly eyes , you don't look like a man brimming with cynicism . 
what happened to " must love dogs " ? 
love the pen poem 
no , between 2nd amendment and safety . 
more gracious tweeps 
i know we're reaching serum sweet n low toxicity levels * apologies * 
sounds sublime 
ya a movie has to either be by the coen brothers or hiyao miyazaki , or have matt damon in it to hold my interest 
received an insightful comment on a woman's experience of spirituality healing her anxiety , check out the comments : !LINK! 
wow ! where can i find a must love dogs guy ? 
ok never mind then 
did u know the lds church is documented to have suppressed a study on mormon women and depression ? 
wow ! please tell me you don't have pointy ears and green skin ! 
in utah for a job . yes i love a lot about utah , very happy here ! 
with the solder of tenderness / and the lead of friendship / we anneal our hearts / back together / like a stained glass window #gogyohka 
the origin of the xmas tree is relatef to a pagan ritual marking the winter solstice ; xmas tree has nothing to do w christ 
goodness no ! hazardous combo : friends don't let friends drive twitter and engage in vagina tinkering 
i even got some oxytocin and endorphins in the mix #feelsolucky 
i see your great view and raise you one or two : !LINK! 
i can't stand shopping at all ; avoid it like the plague 
since inceptiion of rock-n-roll ) 
so should i feed the chocolate cherry sugar bombs to the five 11 - yr old girls before or after swimming ? 
tons ... and aspiring porn stars 
depression is rampant among mormon women in utah ; based on my experience i think it's in part due to institutionalized abuse 
nearly everyone i've talked to who moved to utah from another state has said it's like moving to a foreign country 
ya that and all those guys being in bed together in washington 
freakin ' hilarious and accurate article by !LINK! 
funny , i've been involved in it successfully for two decades #mdchat 
i * love * your blog . we share similar opinions on medicine and publishing . !LINK! 
1stworld watches luscious gourmet food cooked on oversize flat screen tv's , while 3rdworld doesn't have 2 grains of rice to rub together 
alash : !LINK! . i saw them live w bela fleck : fantastic , eclectic , transcendant . 
but k lynn & sara did a gr8 job holding their own ! strong work ladies ! 
hey hot stuff , what did you decide on the pink vs purple boots the other day ? that is the real important question ! 
i'll throw in some glasses with tape across the bridge , and some high waters to boot ! 
wow rt tim is awesome ! he had transplant last nov . left the hospital in l6 days and now running a marathon . intense . 
not sure you should pose that question on twitter for fear of the raunchy responses you may invite . 
heck i'll take 12 hours ! ;-) 
if only it came in a spray bottle : troll repellent ! i'd buy it ... 
slc inversion 2 dec 2010 ( ) !LINK! 
major remodel ! 
lucky you . for me , every day is a #vaginaday 
it's the rate limiting step always gums up the works #geekyscienceinterlude for 
well i think you're cool and gutsy . are you working for dwob ? 
i'm coming to ohio to take you out for a drink and a costume party ;-) ... dressing up as pink joker ; tag line : " why so delerious ? " 
tuck me in and use that great big hammer on my temple ! ( you know , the one i gave last week ? !LINK! ) 
sorry , tweeting from the dark side here ;-) 
ya never know , perhaps alien visitation ... ? 
answer : american idiots watch american idol 
she's on the fast track to early death , spawning anyway 
and it's shaping up to be another all nighter , a day that started out as an " i love my job ! " day , but ... 
have u read iron john by robert bly ? 
r these boobs ? !LINK! . 
i met with hospital ceo today : he's losing so much money , he finally decided to take my advice : ... 
your car must be worthy of marking note of . #canineappreciation #puppylove 
she was found in the back of a car trunk with some other mixed husky pups ; people who abuse animals should be hung by their toes 
with khakis , and a job ? 
when i decline to rx pain pills and instead rx yoga , exercise , wt loss 
kitty butt kissed one of the dogs today ... progress ... !LINK! 
sometimes i catch myself thinking men are complicated , then i remember inter-male contests involving farts and johnsons ;-) 
agreed . in this day and age every person is responsible for him or herself and should be 50 % responsible for their kids 
the venetian , las vegas , nv 
re the brooding volcano : next year i'm just going to skip the final two wks of dec and proceed straight to jan 1 
been working a lot ; how r u ? 
i wish i could remember the title of the poem he wrote about his skeleton 
great read for dog lovers : " merle's door " by ted kerasote 1969 ( just finished it ) 
ty for the follow . have you heard of the dreads ? 
at least you can wash the mess off right away . 
i heard gd's have lots of genetic issues ; is that so ? 
imho sm is for connecting w other people , if it's info u want , google's your man #mdchat 
which " challenging demographic groups " ? #hcsm 
if you could determine , in the first trimester , if your baby had a gene for paranoid schizophrenia , would you terminate the pregnancy ? 
our life experience is largely created by the positive or negative self-talk in our heads . 
bummer . rt " had * no * risks , was an endurance athlete , and got advanced cancer . pffft . " 
your eyes radiate / the warmth of a / fire in the hearth / on a snowy december's eve / feels like home to me #gogyohka 
it's a hypothetical " average " patient with that problem and her 99 % response " i don't eat anything . " 
what do you think ? is this puppy a " penny " or an " annabelle " ? !LINK! 
ah ! there you are ! yes i just heard of jack mormons ; there's even a microbrewery of that name ! 
i * love * rock climbing ! 
what's the superbowl ? 
meeting tweeps in person ? there are so many cool tweeps from down under ( jealsous ) 
personal responsibility seems to be as rare as flip-flops on a penguin . 
i sometimes can't resist tweeting from the dark side with a pile of dark chocolate by my side ;-) 
i'd show you the view in my office but it's nsft ( not safe for twitter ) 
is that your main pup friend ? or a newbie ? 
depends on the day ; don't know if humans have enough willpower to pull themselves out of the oil well before 2050 
and you've never had to struggle to pull a baby out from under a woman's 4 inch pannus , now a commonplace occurrence 
my life could really use some balancing , but reliable help would suffice in lieu . 
what's your favorite hockey team ? do you play hockey ? i love the avs , the wild , the wings , and played d . 
a valley girl accent won't do me any good , but the ability to speak sudanese , vietnamese , tongan , and spanish would be helpful 
" be daring . try something new . " #chinesefortunecookie yep ! destiny has spoken ! , , 
ty for your beautiful articulation of mother's love for children 
tweet me the pic please ! 
yvw happy bd to him ! 
wow , that's quite a list ! where do you begin ? 
so far raising the puppies has been much more satistfying 
looks like life's a beach ;-) 
does omega 3 prevent expression of schizo gene ? 
no , ur definitely ontop ( of the world , that is ) 
skype is replete with porno bots 
ty for the ww's xx 
it seems to be the perfect union of frauds and those who want to be defrauded 
sounds interesting rt , author dead men . a powerful story of separation and divorce . read a preview . - !LINK! 
those are great ! i like pennybelle 
plant your love / firmly inside me / dislodge the cancers / of cynicism / and doubt #gogyohka #micropoetry 
clear-eyed courage bests / the insatiable gaping / maw of ignorance #malala #haiku #micropoetry 
scary philly " doc " not even an ob-gyn !LINK! 
i also love the enraged pharmacists 
xoxo muah ! good to see you gorgeous man with " very white " voice :-) 
pray tell , why ? 
of themselves in the form of rebates , discounts , lower premiums 
you changed your avi ! gorgeous 
i'm sticking w what i do best : being a mom and a doctor 
knitting a thneed for / a friend in need is indeed / a generous deed #haiku for drseuss #micropoetry 
always thought those knee socks with the flappy things were sexy in a dorky kinda way ... and tassles ! 
just mind the cattle guards no matter how innocently flat they appear 
til i pay off hospital salary guarantee 
and we have the same middle name ! 
mr waldo is gorgeous and he looks like a sweetie : meet jake and penny !LINK! 
so now my pf has settled down s / p steroid injection just in time for the slc winter inversion ; would need gas mask to run 
define " bed " 
this would be an excellent topic for the next #hcsm and #mdchat ' s . : how sm activities interact w practice 
xxooxxoo good tweeple , going to give sleep another try ... z 
how many runners out there are sidelined by pf ? check out for hope ! 
the fringe dude is the totally hot one . the drummer . 
even more impressive you've maintained real man-ness in our cowardly kow-towing pc-worshipping milieu 
#ff animal lovers and great poets to boot ! 
do you mean as far as blog posts go ? i have a few things in mind if you need material . 
meow ! 
you are hilarious ! 
yep . can always wake a guy up with a tug on the schlong 
* * * confetti * * * ! ! ! yipeee ! 
i wish rusty to have warm cozy toes , but i couldn't get penny to wear doggie jogging booties , so ... 
* wince * rt aww .. c'mon now .. did ya really hafta trip over & yank @ his dang catheter too ? 
can't imagine a more bucolic moment than hanging out w kids and dogs and cats listening to garrison keillor on a sunday afternoon ... 
excessive omphalo-gazing can lead to an omninous case of omnipresent onanistic onchocerciasis #tweetforalliteration letter " o " 
you should ask , & other mds here their opinions ( docs who tweet as themselves , as opposed to anoymously ) 
since you're a vd , how predictive is carotid intimal thickness for stroke if no placque is present ? 
that's some freaky deja vu ! 
the most intetesting tweeps i meet live 1000s miles away ; have not met very many interesting tweeps in utah 
you must taste real yummeehhh ! 
ya , gorgeous ! i saw that pic last yr courtesy of rting you - - smokin ' ! 
the reader may not be , but if they hire an atty , the jd most likely will be in the same ballpark 
totally pumped ! !LINK! whaddya think ? can i eat this tonight ? !LINK! 
eternal sunshine / spotless minds blot out wisdom , / knowledge , empathy #haiku #micropoetry 
!LINK! check out " anxiety and panic " post for starters 
well a good substitute shld u decide on reduction would be puppies : !LINK! 
it was in moab , august ; here's what today looked like : !LINK! 
although i have fallen asleep on the drive to and ftom work lately so maybe i should stop by cc for the good stuff ;-) 
your blog is diverse and fascinating . i wonder how you can reveal so much of your intimate self on the internet . 
wow amazing how different the colors are ; depends on if the wearer puts her socks on in the dark 
the nasal gonorrhea was not a clinical case but rather a response to a certain twitterus whoricus ;-) #tweetingfromthedarkside 
not sure , was reminded of surrey by prairie home companion garrison keillor this past sunday on american public media 
what is napolean dynamite syndrome ? so overtly nerdy as to be cool ? 
it's a courageous and eloquent post ; one of the big challenges facing women's / childrens ' health worldwide is rape cultures 
nice haiku ; big giant hugs to you , xx . 
what do you think is at the other end of that yellow brick road ? 
i have a sling for that problem if you want any help w / it . but only til i get my jd-mba ; then offer is retracted ;-) 
do genetically modified humans produce cow's milk ? 
embracing asceticism creates a certain sublime freedom . 
sounds like a dream day ... 
this morning my dog pulled out his poop-bag holder w his ball when we went for a run : he even knows what he needs to clean up after self 1/2 
but you nurses do such a fantastic job :-) 
it's all relative ; at least you're posing the big questions . 
you deserve a pleasant respectful affectionate partner . good wishes to you . 
doing the rounds of ut sprint tris ; don't have the time to train for ims ; admire you ! ! 
why do all my favorite tweeps live 1000s miles away ? makes it hard to get sh * t-faced together ! 
luscious loquatious alliteration levitates the spirit to alacrity 
it may resemble cheese but it could double for #gmo 
i'm great ; quitting ob--looking for gyn only position . after 2 days of not seeing my kids 2ary to deliveries , done w ob 
warm bodies are over-rated ;-) 
is bpd still a real diagnosis ? what's the definition at this point ? 
but i'm not sure some can correct them because ... #hcsm 
otoh , consider all the immunologic benefits conferred by puppy kisses ! * love * smooches from pooches ! 
imho if one uses sm so much it needs " balancing " perhaps one is using it too much . it's like tv ; entertainment #mdchat 
this concept is getting better every second . ;-) 
if u wonder if tv really mollifies , it's being on has pacified the animals--the cats are coming into the open w / o trying to slice the dog 
men whose major claim to fame is to swill beer are offensive even to the beer , especially this guy !LINK! 
thank you for the rt 
you always have such great food ; can i invite myself to dinner ? 
thank you ! 
your weather looks gorgeous ! 
i * love * your bio . pre-dawn , poetry , defender of kindness , kindler of hope . you are a kindred spirit . 
" philosophy is talk on a cereal box " 
npr did a whole story on it : wikipedia being biased and full of inaccurate , undocumented info #hcsm 
i think a good dose of ocd , anxiety , and masochism are essential ingredients to be an md . 
srsly ! dude looks like a lady ! and not in a good way . 
he's got a stong work ethic and an iq in the nosebleed seats :-) 
insightful comment on woman's experience of spirituality healing her anxiety , check out the comments : !LINK! … 
night peeps , sleep tight ! 
just feel really burned out some days ; going to try cutting schedule first--see if that helps ; like clinical , just exhausted 
the best man i found is hairy , has 4 legs , and licks his own balls : !LINK! 
better to be a metaphor than a foramen . 
where all are u interviewing ? 
he's a very scary guy-sociopath ! imho some men seem attracted to ob-gyn as a venue to vent their misogyny 
either that , or switch to benzos ;-) 
wait ! we should ask what exactly are the ingredients of guano aka batsh * t 
i have a few dogs could handle that for you !LINK! 
very interesting ; the psychopathology here seems like an endless onion 
during labor it all comes out 
would match your #badpun with a gynecillogically concocted one of my own at risk offending tweeps who can't stomach the vagina 
you have to have some form of masochism to enter medicine in the first place ;-) 
not if you drink enough wine 
at least you were smart enough not to sweat it off with a blowtorch =-) it's snowing here . 
how about rocky mountain oysters ? fruit bats ? dobermans ? 
so if the patient doesn't give a damn about themselves what do you do ? 
fascinating ... contemplating the implications of that 
very lively discussion tonight ! thanks all . #hcsm 
it always seems like the beasts want to sleep in my bed ;-) 
srsly how can you resist this face ? ! ? !LINK! or this one ? !LINK! 
now don't eat it all at one sitting or it'll give you a stomach ache 
indeed , a man's ability to grow into his full potential serms to be inversely proportional to his propensity to swill beer 
then again john lennon was one of my heroes . 
triple yawn ! in my sleep dude , present me with a real challenge , okay ? email me the test . 
can i take a rain check on " elide " ? working on it 
2nd workout at 11:00 pm ? 
thank you for sharing ! you have an adorable family ! 
glad to see you back ! 
depends on your goals ; turbulence training looks good for overall fitness and muscle building 
spending lots of time on twitter is bad for your health , imho . 
are you near the earthquake ? 
utah is the porn and fraud capitol of the u . s . according to wsj ; serious deviance hiding under piety and self righteousness 
indeed ! if cultures didn't change we'd all be sitting by campfires roasting meat over sticks 
ty too , your blog makes me feel like i'm not alone . hearts to you . so hard to explain 2 ppl who haven't lived w tn's . 
angry pharm is on a rollprazole tonightlol ! rt rt : i'm going to start a new ppi , placeboprazole . 
you might be chronically exhausted if you look forward to the hour wait for snow-tire change as an opportunity to rest . 
awww you're such a tweetie pie ! i'll climb with fewer clothes just for u so u can see all the veins ! woot ! 
i seem to attract needy dependent men who lack essential life skills so i quit 
i signed a 3 year contract w a hospital , but it's much closer to my house ; they fired the really crappy misogynist male ob gyn ... 
one question about your op ed : who provides all that free care at parkland ? last i checked , mcaid pays < 20 cts on $ 
i geek you two and raise you a nerd 
so what kind of cookies does santa burbdoc want for #penisfriday ? 
hmm i think i'd prefer sudden death . 
hi snitty ! missed you ! how's you , gorgeous birthday girl ? ! ? 
' carrie ' was one of his best novels ; also misery 
ex mormons are as vehement as ex smokers 
i respectfully disagree . even if he had , you can't stab 6 people to death in a matter of seconds 
sick to look at you / your permanent scowl witness / to heart of darkness #haiku #pessimistssuck 
so which tat is yours ? 
the stories are the best part and most productive for the dx 
wow , just gotta follow a tweep who's already passed a background check . 
thanks for the follow . your pup looks like a really cool dude . 
that's why i quit fb : it kept trying to get me to talk to people i don't want to talk to any more . 
question : where does keep the guano ? 
she's gorgeous ! 
my son is at the top of his chinese class ( among others ) * beaming proud mom * 
and true to form , got the 3 a . m . delivery call , here's the moon on the way home at 5 : !LINK! 
gorgeous in an electronic sorta way ; blinded by photons ! 
i just think it's much more gratifying to meet friends irl 
you'd get my vote too ! 
stinky aggressive / apes are we / our heads to bow / ' neath sweet boughs / of the cherry tree #gogyohka #micropoetry 
i think april , have to look it up 
have they defined the axis for republican hypocrite yet in the new dsm ? #uterus 
king of the pink hill !LINK! #manlypussy 
what other meaning ? ;-) 
ty for the lovely ff dr . h ! 
thank you ! i was do nervous ... 
indeed . xx to you too . 
#ff ( if you like the scary types ) ( straight talk on orthopedics ) 
wow ! great idea " initial efforts in sm were an attempt to reach low soc economic urban teens for preg and sti prevention . " #hcsm 
don't forget you flying monkeys 
thank you anyway , no need to hide 
standing ... no hurry 
my what gorgeous tweeties ! rt !LINK! 
beautiful ! i went running w jake under a moon like that this a . m . 
what do you do for franklin covey ? 
only if you have add 
yup , twitter never fails to go to ground . 
at least if ur behind ursrlf u can see where ur going 
ya , there is a definite smell to death ; you all must be very empathic peeps , esp working in heme onc , tough field ! 
#ff more great xx / xy conversationalists ( nsfw ) amoz 1939 ( for poetry ) 
there seem to be a higher concentration of sociopaths in football compared to hockey 
good night jon 
i'm clueless re aussie politics , sorry . i do my best to ignore american politics as well . it's all cr * p . 
thank you ! i know how to make kids happy ! 
ty for your article on pf ; hoping i can get mine to settle enough to do the first tri of the season in april . 
my point exactly 
how do you know if you ’ re having a miscarriage ? answers here : !LINK! 
very alliterative ! nice rolling of the b's off the tongue ! 
oh no ! i'm not checking out any more of your evil speedo pics ! 
i dunno ... what ? 
great stuff !LINK! 
#ff great conversationalists 
cute hat . do you have the ho ho ho to go with it ? 
exactly . 
how do i get to the emerald city usa ? do i follow the yellow brick road ? 
i really enjoy seeing the peeps behind the tweets ; tweeters who don't have the guts to show their faces don't count as much imho 
ya i saw my first xmas lights last night in murray . 
having put lots of time / effort into my site , it's impossible to add content regularly w busy clinical practice #hcsm 
one ding dong is fine ; a #160 lb dingdong is life threatening . 
as does paying them , especially when you know goldman sachs will somehow end up with your hard earned money 
so even making it a group doc responsibility doesn't work for me ; patients should get " paid " for taking care 
of course i care ; caring too much ; it's a pathology . 
indeed ! i broke his hippa and pulled down his pants and ran away to boot ! 
eating it may not be so bad , just don't marry it . ;-) 
group hug ! 
ya ob care should move to a total hospitalist system for labor and delivery ; shift work w limited hours 
hey phil , t / c topic for an md chat : the 12/30 / 2010 nejm articles on surgeons and slerp deprivation !LINK! 
" just when you think you've seen everything , something else happens to blow your mind . " great quote from dr . brennuh 
unheard of in u s , the bigger problem is providing free ob care to transient mexican non citizens : it's drowning us obstetrics 
#ff 
wow ! i don't know what to say to that ! 
or sometimes it smacks you right between the eyes as the betrayers reach around to twist the knife into your back some more 
dark choc : oxytocin , endorphins--what's not to love ? 
you have a beautiful daughter ! 
i listed a whole passle of real men in my ff if you scroll fown you'll find them there 
but be prepared : last two chapters are major tear jerkers 
stuck in a contract of indentured servitude . plodding thru it while exlploring options . 
eventually the " #prolife " people will kill all the docs who provide the service so banning will be a moot point 
my puppy just giggled in her sleep !LINK! 
you have one of the coolest avatars i have ever seen , love a super science geeky girl 
i suggest keeping a stock pile of poo on hand to lob at bad-day-makers 
no , mostly the ex ; the ring man was reminiscent of the ex in the dependent , suffocating personality department 
no i would probably be on the temple's a-list of those to be burned at the stake 
ya--disease , poverty , illiteracy--all " liberal conspiracies " 
months ? ! ? where u off to ? miss u ! 
bon nuit cheri 
r down under docs employed by the govt ? 
zomg ! my nerd ex only wears t shirt and jeans ! ! ! you're brilliant ! 
tae kwon Do; i wrote that one at my daughter's belt promotion ceremony friday . ty 
thank you , are they utah peeps or other locales ? 
that doesn't seem like much snow ; how much is there ? 
as long as it's not gynecologic discharge , i'm cool with that . 
would * love * it if open emr became as big as firefox ; nice to find you 
can do exams in sleep .. yawn ... next ? 
i've found the workplace to be a never ending source of daggers in the back #professionaljealousyhasnobounds 
actually i like the purple better if had to pick just one 
the best things i ever imagined ... to follow ... 
cool ! an irl man ! is he nice ? 
no honey , i'm offering to sling you for your " depends " situation ( for just a small fee ) 
wow , gorgeous . 
ya , it's called the peter principle 
sydney toronto new york tokyo san francisco ... michigan ? 
congrats ! 
what is " ephemeral disambiguant " ? 
nice to see you too , gorgeous ! xoxo { { hugs } } 
is it a rocking chair ? 
srsly now , life is just beginning for you . there is a looonng way to go . happy bday ! 
imho doctors would not make a good study group : too many outliers ; plus lots of brains pummeled into submission 
it's no wonder ppl experience anxiety when you see all the gut nerves dissected out ... 
to all pregnant women : please stop asking your doc to be induced before your due date ! thank you ! 
read your bio--impressed ! where are you now ? past , present or future ? 
i love you aussies . you're the smartest coolest peeps and you're awake enough to make me laugh at 4 a . m . my time :-) 
4 . a trip to paris w my kids and my parents ... , 
it's a gov't for the schlongs and by the schlongs 
