!LINK! 
♡ 
you won't see me fall apart 
mmm hi 
and then my love jessaudrey because i have so many things to tell about her amazing ep 
glo'd up like 
well , is this fine ? will it be alright ? 
always loyal no matter what 
snow in newark is the song that fucked me up for good 
wind in my hair , you were there , you remember it . down the stairs , you were there , you remember it ... it was rare , i was there , i remember 
my stepdad just gave me weed ? 
ily 
i love lauren 
!LINK! 
ok straight up is a lil bitch but i can't wait to see him again in like five weeks 
so go and tell your friends that i'm obsessive and crazy , you won't mind if i say ... 

!LINK! 
je t'aimeee 
thank you beautiful kira . much love 🌸 🍥 🍦 
i'm praying so hard 
the thing i love the most is listening to people 
xx_l 0vegh0st_xx 
this is super important im usually very pale 
i'd rather walk alone than play a supporting role 
thank u so much for reading , i appreciate it a lot ! thx for following back 💕 hope ur well ! 
pretty little liars 
once i listened to my heart and it fucked me up 
omagaaad 
bb 
omggg ♡ !LINK! 
❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ 
!LINK! 
girlfriend by rytmeklubben was my summer song 
do what u want but ur never gonna break me 
i cried , for i didn't think it could be true that you and i might have always known one another 
i love 
all you are is mean , and a liar , and pathetic , and alone in life and mean 
sending my book to my friends like 
if i do figure out how 2 make music then my first song ever will be 🔥 might take a week , a month or a year tho 
tmh was prime 
i want to say how cracked windows and shattered glass reminds me of the state of my heart when you disappeared like a ghost in the silence 
i wish that i could wake up with amnesia and forget about the stupid little things , like the way it felt to fall asleep next to you 
♡ 
i hate being sad because then i start to dissociate and have weird impulses and i want to take meds and i feel like another person 
me : takes snapchats of my step dads snakes because theyre losers 
$ $ $ yung leia $ $ $ 
i want to be happy . i want it to be real . 
white cis able bodied middle class !LINK! 
sunny outside , sunny in my mind 
so go and tell your friends that i'm obsessive and crazy ... 
hello ! ☀ ️ 
!LINK! 
i do have mental breakdowns over absolutely everything give me a break okay i am overly sensitive that's all 
if you must die , sweetheart , die knowing your life was my life's best part . 
!LINK! 
being with you was like drowning in an ocean of sadness but like a deer in the headlights i accepted my fate and drowned with you 
je t'aime je t'aime je t'aime je veux t'embrasser partout . 
listening to i'm lost without you and feeling like a mess . i love it ! 
yes ! 
i look after my 3 and 4 years old cousins all day long this is exhausting i never wanna have kids 
my love is overflowing today i just want people to be okay i just want everyone to know how much i love them and appreciate them 
ilu 
what 
it hurts being french today . 
happy because my ass is phenomenal 
♡ !LINK! 
!LINK! 
the next person who tells me my dress is too short is getting kicked in the teeth 🔩 🔩 🔩 
he's killing me . 
she'll always have a part of me 
i love being horribly straight-forward and tell about my feelings life is too short to conceal ur emotions 
oh my god it's iggy azalea 
in need of proof i am worth something . 
a funny pic 
mood 
why the hell is my kitten jumping around the house chill hannah it's midnight 
i think i am a good friend and it's what i live for . i live to make people around me happy . 
!LINK! 
the best thing of 2015 was piercing my nipple 
i tried to tell someone else " i love you " but these three words hurt without you 
whenever i open ableton i end up getting lost in it trying so many things and never finishing anything 
there was this weirdo at school whose pants were always too large so we always saw his bum crack and he spent his time listening to owl city 
!LINK! 
forever 
how to mindfuck by inluvwithaghost ft . leia 
dommage ... 
how come i'd hear you say , " i just want to be with you " ? 
raised on tumblr and cereal 
are you high enough without the mary jane like me ? 
💘 💘 💘 
i had a dream your room was full of trees and you told me to be happy , we kissed and i woke up 
you're going to make me fucking die . i'm going to fucking kill myself to kill the feelings . 
my throat tightens at the sight of your face . 
tfw the squad's finally reunited 
trop belle toi 
i want to influence people 
loving people is so great 
next ! ! ! next next n e x t 
i just want to be happy ... i want it to be real . 
i love mark johns so much 
!LINK! 
and now , i cry for all that is beautiful 
i am a very nice person and it feels nice 
thx , gave me it cos i suck at these things 
when u were sleeping and all i could do was run my fingers on ur back wondering if it would be the last time 
♡ nice . u are such an inspiration . lots of love to u !LINK! 
ok good night my dear friends , sending u love as always ( ๑ • ᴗ • ๑ ) ♡ 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
i fucking want oreos 
this is not a game 
!LINK! 
went to paris . !LINK! 
dude , niiice ✨ 💅 💕 
just downloaded drake and future's tape ... let's see 
pfff billy hahahaha 
my daughter will be called ava and her middle names will be lilith and wednesday 
memes r the only thing that makes me laugh anymore ? 
aren't we cute 
anyone has a blog they'd want me to write a column in every week ? mostly about mental health and feelings , everything like that . 
rami malek is the actual love of my life 
someday you will know how sorry i am 
i wrote about eating disorders and how hard it is to get back up on your feet while living through this . !LINK! 
drinking tea and sleeping all day 
n i c e 
omg 
omgz ♡ 
remember when i met taylor swift's dad and came back like " hey " and i was like " we just met scott " and she was like " what " 
leave me alone 
!LINK! 
don't hate me for loving u 
me : ok anyway why does liam sound like an middle-aged woman named janice when he starts singing in stole my heart 
my daughter's name will be ava lilith 
🐨 !LINK! 
but you made me feel crazy , you made me feel like it's my fault i was in pain 
ppl who dm'd me after this : 💜 u . 
!LINK! 
amazing im sleeping at hers on saturday night maybe we'll see each other then amazing cool i love 
when bae starts to put their hands underneath ur clothes 
this is so good !LINK! 
cereal saved me 
i love grocery shopping n walks on the countryside im actually a 45 yrs old housewife 
well done on the album i am immensely proud of you . 
hello my beautiful girlfriend . 
bb 
look at that sky 
i really want to get to interview and to write about more artists on my blog . 
add me on facebook if u want to : lea malot ♡ 
team oversized ugly christmas sweater 
why is this so addictive 
i can be so mean when i wanna be , i am capable of really anything 
i love japanese food ! ! ! i love it ! ! ! 
!LINK! 
me and my bezzy mates x 
you very obviously do since ur quoting me 
!LINK! 
what pisses me off is that i know i am good at writing but no one pays attention to it . it won't get me anywhere . 
soulmates @ centre pompidou !LINK! 
i am at this bbq party twerking listening to major lazer . what am i ? 
i like my tea to match my soul . deep black with a hint of milk so it tastes a bit sweeter even though it's not really 
you know what i would need right now ? a blunt 
nonnn 
i still want to be a suicide girl one day maybe 
!LINK! 
sadidas 
good morning you guys 
!LINK! 
i highly believe it mostly is a subjective experience for we all have different minds and judge things in different ways 
!LINK! 
do i have to write you a love letter ? because i will . i will . 
!LINK! 
and when nothing feels enough , at least u taught me how 2 love 
i go on too many dates but i can't make them stay 
cecilia was the first to go 
hello ... 
!LINK! 
♡ hi ♡ 
mum pls buy bleach for my hair 
kids forever , baby soft skin turns into leather ... don't be dramatic , it's only some plastic , no one will love you if you're unattractive 
when will he stop ? !LINK! 
σ ( ￣ 。 ￣ ﾉ ) ﾉ 
hahaha no i'm ok with it ! 
itd be cool if u could stop making my heart hurt 
richard kern told me the photos of my body were good so i don't care about anything else 
#vrai 
i just want the truth ... i saw it in your eyes , baby won't you tell me the truth ? 
got a long list of ex-lovers they'll tell you i'm insane 
lil me taking lil selfies 
me too holy shit i'm in love 
my ghost , where'd u go ? 
!LINK! 
this ariana grande song reminds me of when i left your house and cried on the way home 
i love you sylvia plath 
leia klaudia is a character i created . she's like another version of myself . 
sorry not sorry 
my nails r a shade of blue that reminds me of space its so pretty 
mad love 
♡ !LINK! 
leia klaudia is this alter ego i created someday people will understand 
halsey and i go wayyy back ( summer of 2013 yo ) 
🐍 
🎭 
i try to find somebody new , baby they ain't got a clue , they can't love me like you 
💗 
i wish i could turn my pain into art but it's too difficult . 
!LINK! 
do u believe in soulmates ? 
( ๑ • ᴗ • ๑ ) ♡ 
die 
!LINK! 
♡ 
i am in love with a ghost 
♡ girlfriend by ♡ 
it doesn't matter if they don't give it back , i just want to give love . 
what palette is this ? 
!LINK! 
i feel like i'm the worst so i always act like i'm the best ! 
stay with me until i fall asleep ... stay with me until i fall asleep ... 
which porter robinson track is best ? 
i love cough syrup 
i am feeling a lot of emotional pain right now . is there someone to talk to ? 
aw i love you ! ♥ 
oh thank god 
it's not written extremely well but i pay attention to the details and to the soul of the person instead of analysing the music . 
i don't like hurting people and i miss everyone 
one day i will be strong enough to lift not one , but both of us 
merci ✨ 
💞 
in my dreams i'm skinny enough and cute enough and pretty enough and funny enough and nice enough and feminist enough and sweet enough and 
all i want is doing drugs with the person i love then having a lot of sex 
it'll be online tomorrow ! 
all that i know is i don't know how to be something you miss 
last year i said i really hoped i'd have a boyfriend this halloween to get matching outfits ... where tf is he at ? 
love you actually for ever . !LINK! 
funny how every guy i flirt with think they've got me figured out 
i choose to keep the good memories only . 
can someone who believes in god pray for me ? i need it . i need to be okay . 
wrote about kurama here . !LINK! ♥ 
look at what my best friend did . its me and her . as pin-ups . wow 
“ when i met him , i was pure virgin . he changed that . he was my first everything . my first real kiss . my first real love . " 
#same 
👀 
i would die without benoit the actual love of my life i would genuinely die i love him so much 
get down on ur knees and tell me u love me 
💗 
wrote about the great . !LINK! 
they call me cry baby , cry baby 
!LINK! 
♡ 
💘 please stay strong lovely . sending you warm hugs and love . 
does it even matter anymore ? 
when she's coming 2 france i'm waiting at the airport w a sparkly banner that says : welcome bitch ! ! ! 
i shouldn't have done that why am i so fucking stupid why 
old article but is still rad !LINK! 
i am astounded at the amount of people who have stuck around me for years . you guys rock . i'm nothing without you all . 
at least i'm pretty 
!LINK! 
dirty chocolate might just be a living god . !LINK! 
👼 !LINK! 
when i like someone i cant see anybody else around for they have my full attention all the time 
going to write about my stay in rennes now - if anybody's interested in the least 
don't know if i want you to forget about me or suffer because of me . 
hi ... i think ur my soulmate or something 
i'd walk a thousand miles if i could just see you tonighy 
🌸 lil leia 🌸 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
thanks so much for the support and for reading what i write . !LINK! 
!LINK! 
i cannot believe im hot why ... , does no 1 want to date me . 
fighting with him was like trying to solve a crossword and realising there's no right answer 
a big step today . i wrote about my mental illness and how it began . !LINK! 
one day i'll be hot ... maybe ... 
#bye 
feeling intense pain right now . i feel like i'm crying tears of blood . i'd rather die . 
hahaha lisa ♡ 
omg this is too good !LINK! 
i think i wld feel better if i was dead 
that kurama song it will always b my fave 
if that's the last thing i do before i die , i want to go back to rennes to see my friend here 
!LINK! 
stay with me 
i am insecure because i'm not hot 
that's what u get 
be the vegeta to my bulma 
hi . much love to u and what u do ♡ u have my support 
and now he's so devoid of color , doesn't know what it means 
!LINK! 
me 
thanks dollface ily ♡ 
sending u love ♡ 
every one of my friends i wanna talk to is hanging out with their boyfriend / girlfriend lol cute for em but ... i feel even more alone 
i was in love , i was so in love i even persuaded myself i'd end up marrying him and having his children 
honestly fuck this shit im not even trying anymore 
i highly believe that the key to be happy is to focus on the people who matter , and to give them your everything . 
i will forever forgive my friends when they do me wrong because i am aware they do not mean it most of the time . 
thx for the follow back i love u and i think ur awesome 
hello , i think you are great and it's fantastic to see how well you're doing . you're a star ✨ 
a good pic ! 
my fave ever 
😊 
i love him , i love him , i love him . i love him . i will always love him . 
it me leia ! 
if # 8 happens to b reading this : i miss u . please come back 
i don't feel sad tonight 
je l'aime ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ 
i miss my little kitty 
i'll live in japan go to karaoke bars adopt a shiba and have the time of my fucking life 
i'm gonna go for a run i think because i'm fat and i hate my life 
anyway how did this happen 
bises 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
i'm so in love . i am so in love . 
it's so funny when people tell me i'm ugly like did you look at my face 
i lost about 30 pounds and 44 inches at the waistline i'm so proud of myself 
my body is so soft it feels like a ☁ ️ 
i am cold and distant , pale and some nights you can't see me , everchanging 
i want him to touch my booty 
and when nothing feels enough at least you taught me how to love 
the best part of sex is elbowing each other in the face and laughing it off 
so much love for u ! 
!LINK! 
oh grave 
banjoure 
!LINK! 
i don't love you like i did yesterday 
really fucking hating myself at the moment . does anyone know what to do when such things occur ? what do i do with myself ? 
i will always support people in what they do by doing what i can to see them achieve the success they deserve 
i am very self-destructive and also working on that . 
!LINK! 
cutie with a booty 
!LINK! 
i want to get clean off you and to stop screaming your name into the void , i do . but my guilt and my love are eating me alive . 
hey . still playing snow in newark ( sad vip ) every single night to put me to sleep . thanks for this 
omg ♡ 
please do read the article i wrote about . it deserves all of your attention . !LINK! 
if what we had was real how could you be fine 
. 
why did i ever need you 
just bcoz 
and i will never let myself believe someone really loves me 
you don't miss me at all 
i am 
this is my happy song !LINK! 
you were red and you liked me because i was blue 
!LINK! 
* takes xanax with soy milk * everything is fine 
those kinda snapchats ♡ 
do i get my smiley pierced ? 
a long endless road leading to nowhere just like the one we've taken when we fell in love 
me !LINK! 
!LINK! 
i've given up on you , but it still hurts to know you're not alone 
e-mail me questions i can answer and talk about in my next article ! malot.lea@gmail.com 
i want to meet jessaudrey more than everyone else in the world rn 
car ridez !LINK! 
it might never be the right time and that's the hardest part of it 
when ur suckin n he pushes ur head down further without u expecting it 
when one of my girls get a little too turnt at a party 
why i love - and why you should too ; !LINK! 
hahaha dude i know 
i'm supposed to be doing fine but i really want to die : a real story 
this is how much i luv this picture 
in another life i was probably a pug : smol , full of energy but also sleeps a lot 
♡ 
blahhh 
i wish i did things but atm everything is messy in my life 
<3 !LINK! 
started from the bottom , now we here 
just remembered i had a conversation with taylor swift's dad once 
i have a very big forehead . 
fire burning 
holy shit adele wow wow wow 
is this a joke . is this a joke 
wearing knee-high socks and feeling hot af 
☁ ️ a . a lingerie ☁ ️ 
i'm not ready to start again , and you're not willing to make amends , now the daylight's dangerous and it is much too late for us 
hotel california 
i wrote a lil song , here is the raw acoustic demo <3 !LINK! 

i have tried to wash you away , you know . i want to get over it and forget . but my mind won't let me . it's hell 
i love my body i love my friends i love my family i love my life 
😊 💞 
downloaded tinder again and deleted it after 4 minutes thanks ! 
i need some rn 
i wrote another song . !LINK! 
“ even when i ’ m dead , i ’ ll swim through the earth like a mermaid of the soil , just to be next to your bones . — jeffrey mcdaniel ” 
hope boys who were in my class in 7th grade regret not dating me now . 
no , i don't love u , no i don't care , i just wanna be held when i'm scared 
i want to be famous 
wipe you off the face of my heart 
baby come home 
a very good soundtrack 
i want to pecho you 
“ : this guy ... !LINK! ilu ♡ ” 
!LINK! 
tu entends maël , les gato o chocola 
bettering myself every day ♡ 
my loneliness is killing me 
uploading a pic of me naked nipple makes me a slut ? or does it not ? 
✨ 
why are u so cool 
lowkey wanna have sex on this song 
it ain't easy growing up in world war three 
!LINK! 
i have stopped being unhappy the second i realised that i didn't need a significant other to make me feel alive . 
u touched me and it felt like a dream . u are forever . 
i love this boy very much but don't want to drag him down . 
niiice 
good girl 
i want to tell people i've hurt that i'm sorry . if the world ends tomorrow for me , i want them to know how much i adored them 
i literally favorite every single one of your tweets 
!LINK! 
i bet i don't run through your mind 
having sex with me then never talking to me again 
😔 😔 😔 
omg ♡ 
je suis trop ta fan number one 
i am exhausted 
!LINK! 
how 2 love my body ? 
you can check out my article about here : !LINK! 
why my uncle house be looking like a house u'd see on mtv cribs ? 
snow in newark reminds me of what we used to be 
👻 
there's so much that i can't touch you're all i want but it's not enough this time 
sad bc the only part of me that could make it on the baddies page is my ass 
!LINK! 
you think i'm psycho ? you think i'm gone ? tell the psychiatrist something is wrong 🔪 
so what if i'm crazy ? the best people are 
my celebrity crush is 
!LINK! 
your eyes started to wander , you weren't looking at me , you weren't … !LINK! 
if u love me , u do not love me in a way i understand . 
growing up in a polish family meant learning a lot of difficult words and having to force urself to eat all kinds of sausages . 
♡ 
people who think being depressed is cool should straight up get kicked in the face 
you gotta live with the bad blod now 
i am careful with them , tender and soft and i try my best to give them what they need you cherish people you love 
!LINK! 
gn ♡ 
love always wins 
!LINK! 
just going to spread positive vibes on this account 
i am 💕 
raw shitty cover of castle by i did !LINK! 
i'm missing ur love 
most embarrassing moment of middle school was when my crush went through my ipod and saw i had a farting app 
three xanaxes and you're gone from my mind just like the day you walked out of my life but stayed stuck in my brain 
don't be dramatic ! it's only some plastic ! no one will love you if you're unattractive ! 
* high pitched scream * whht ahve you done 
i want to be that other girl 
me : so what's your favourite kind of tea ? date : eh idk i don't like tea me : i have to go home immediately i cannot stay any longer 
;) if you wanna hear about scarlett before anyone else it'd b cool 
me meeting : hi i love you also would u bang me . 
i guess i'm just used in giving so much and never getting it back , although i am fully aware this isn't right 
awesome 
i think u are great . keep on making music and inspiring people ♡ 
i'm the only person who would still love you even when you deserve it the least and you've taken that for granted 
u seriously hate me now dont u 
ur so selfish 
no omg ! 
me : grabs my butt me : nice 
omg hi ! thx for the follow . been following u for ages . hope ur well ♡ 
also to give a chance to everyone . 
that heart is so cold 
if you do you know who 2 call to show u a good time ( me ! ) 💁 
hi dear nick , we do not know each other but from what i have seen / heard u are a very lovely person . i hope u have a good day 
sad a good guy like you is getting associated with someone like her 
the fuck up * 
i don't know love , i don't know hate 
cereal understands me 
good night my friends 
my best friend told her i reminded her of the landscapes in the movie " submarine " 
soothing vibes before bed 🌸 🍥 💒 💓 
i'm addicted to loving people so hard . i love them so much and it frustrates me they cant actually feel how much love i wanna give em 
back before you lost the one real thing you've ever known 
i'm not a cuddler but i kind of miss having him next to me sometimes 
i'll watch your life in pictures like i used to watch you sleep and i'll feel you forget me like i used to feel you breathe 
when he tells me he loves me 
really hahaha 
" don't forget how we kissed . even if it wasn't special to you , please lie to me and say that it was . " 
need !LINK! 
wedding goalz 
boys who make music make me 😍 
♡ 
i have a 💣 💣 💣 picture of my booty but no one to send it to : a modern tragedy 
posting pictures of my ass on tumblr like it's nbd . 
💘 flicker 💘 
♡ sending you love ! 
boys who produce music make me melt i wanna marry one 

paris next week is going to be sooo goood 
account where i tweet personal and funny stuff in french : 
looking like death 
my mum just said my cat isn't coming back home and i'm so sad . i'm so so sad . 
do u think of me at night ? 
fellow feeling 
!LINK! 
i've got a boyfriend now and he's made of gold . 
after all that we've been through , i think we're ok . 
keep doing u , i'll keep doing me also we'll keep doing each other . 
still the best pic of me ever taken i look very satisfied to be holding this plastic pink cupcake 
my voice is too soft to sing like hayley williams or jenna mcdougall it's actually upsetting 
big things coming up 
i think i should have broken the door bc of the old abandoned mines beyond this bridge 
♡ 
🎤 
🐱 
you don't know how badly i need him in my arms and how much i adore him that's crazy but i love him very much 
the emotional pain i'm feeling right now is unbearable . 
" it was dusk , i could see the light inside of the room changing , making me dive into the world of darkness i'd learned to adore and fear . " 
mood 
buying jeans that fit me is getting hard considering how big my butt is i make it sound cool but im depressed 
you have the right to be loved even when you deserve it the least 
!LINK! 
anyway here's wonderwall 
hiii 
why am i crying about a boy who doesn't give a shit about me lol 
both agreed on the fact that we wld get matching ones 
as if ... 
let's get it to 10k views ♥ !LINK! 
🌸 
like instead of buying concert tickets buy jeans your size so we don't have to look at your ass especially when i'm sitting behind you . shit 
she will never love you like she used to . 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
truth be told i miss you truth be told i'm lying 
this is for u guys 
i just ate a whole pineapple in about 7 minutes 🍍 
so nice getting to talk to . funny thing is i'd been following him for a while before we talked . such a nice lad 
a heartbreaking tale that happens to be mine , and that happens to have changed me . !LINK! 
the french touch by suken . !LINK! 
your lips always tasted like nicotine and i despised it but i couldn't resist 
#friendshipday love each n everyone of u 💞 
looking for someone to end the suffering . looking for something that will stop the pain . 
the saddest part of me . !LINK! 
wanna date a boy who makes music because they are very inspiring and interesting 
me 
i'll always be a part of the minority 
!LINK! 
wow !LINK! 
no doubt abt it is the man 
study finds judging girls on their appearance is out !LINK! 
i'm still breathing but we've been dead for a while 
proud of my country and the love we're all showing to each other 
i like himmm 
i was so happy then . i was the happiest girl alive 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
very important and i would love it if everybody could read that . !LINK! 
💖 !LINK! 💖 
a world where people don't take each other for granted 
!LINK! 
i'm shining like fireworks over your sad , empty town !LINK! 
dirty chocolate is my fav 
anyway can someone tell me how to shut the fuck i'm so annoying 
drinking codeine like it's nbd ? ya'll fucking crazy 
oooh faves 💘 
i love 
i want a boyfriend so we can watch dbz and kiss a lot and also cuddle 
v 
this is insanity this isn't fair 
i think we deserve a soft epilogue we are good people and we have suffered enough 
my grandma bought a ring for me but i can't wear it because it's too big lol 😪 
getting my new kicks today ♥ 
give me one more night , one last goodbye 
now is the time to put our pride aside and tell people we love that we love them . who fucking knows when it could stop ? ! 
we r poor 💔 
queen 
when the fuck is cheating ever okay ? 
!LINK! 
some 1 draw me as an anime girl 
so proud of my two little bffs and on their gcses results ... u are geniuses and i am so very proud of u . 
wake me up insidecantwakeup 
working and focusing on myself ain't got no time for anyone else 
oh my gaaawwwd 
mdr bbb mais non 
♡ !LINK! 
i'd give anything just to be with you again but it's not the right time and it will never be the right time 
madly in love 
me 
yes 
hmmm i want to eat dinner with pitbull , snoop dogg , prince harry and cher and see how that goes 
ok calm down janice 
♡ 
i think having dinner with snoop dogg would be a funny experience 
u bring out the mean in me 
🌸 
😀 💞 
come on baby , what about the ending ? 
!LINK! 
drop my pride and i reveal my insides and it all came pouring out 
despite my flaws , i remain a good person . 
♡ 
american apparel lingerie tho 
i am so crippingly sad . 
i was born on the same day as waka flocka flame so i think that makes me a good person 
trop rigolo 
yes !LINK! 
💘 ✨ 
✨ !LINK! 
good night my dear friends ♡ 
!LINK! wowza ! 
!LINK! 
i'm living dead , only alive when i pretend that i have died . 
karma is real 
hi it me the lil leia klaudia ♡ 
💞 jtm ma douce 💞 
19 is too young for drugs but look at me 
♡ !LINK! 
me : big boobs me : big butt me : single me : ? ? ? 
!LINK! 
this is such a pretty name though !LINK! 
diamonds dancing !LINK! 
i luv u ♡ 
20 mins into the suite life of zack and cody marathon and chill and he gives u this look 
is she prettier i mean funnier i mean skinnier i mean better i mean more aware i mean better at sex i mean more emotionally stable i mean 
and california never felt like home to me 
pretends he doesn't know he's the reason why you're drowning 
i fought the urge to drag blades across my skin . as much as i want out , i have discovered it will only leave scars , and not heal anything . 
lucky to be alive and breathing 
take me 2 the candy shop 
eh ui :( 
so many videos of my boobs and butt and no one to send them to 
u set my heart on fire 
i know i'm not the best person around as i can be provocative and turn into a monster but my love is unconditional and it will never die out 
omg i smoked weed blaze it 
i need to kill you that's the only way to get you out of my head 
it's okay ... isn't it ? 
i can only thank you for showing me how to love and for helping me staying inspired for writing my book 
beber 
safe haven @ curdin !LINK! 
leave me alone just leave me alone stop running through my mind stop hurting me you're just making me feel pain please leave please leave 
anyway . i want dick 
i don't want to leave you here , i just want to be your shadow ... 
i love you so much ! thanks for standing by me ! ! ! 
we hooked up one time , it was kinda whatever 
why is noah b retweeting vennu mallesh tweets 
i love you . 
being pretty would be cool 
now i don't negociate with insecurities they always seem to get the best of me 
i love dick ok give me a break 
no crybaby 
🌸 
it's be really nice if you read and rt'd . it's the final page to one of the chapters of my life 
why am i writing a song rn ? 
gonna get my 2nd nipple pierced + gonna get tattooed ♡ 
this is not the world i want to grow old into 
i'm a month clean . proud of myself for not cutting . ♡ 
maybe that's why i'm so in love . i love things that hurt . i don't love being put on a pedestal . we were both aware of how difficult life is 
yes 
forget about me , it's what i deserve 
but i don't care what they say i'm in love with u 
grave ! 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
this cat looks like me 
i am so happy at this very moment i am full of life and everything is clicking into place 
i promise ! 
fast forward to the year 2037 and my husband will ask why i'm still writing about the first boy who ever broke my heart 
💘 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
nvm i thought i was in love but i ain't 
i hate myself 
what's up you meme loving fucks 
i wish i was hot 
me as helll 
!LINK! 
do you accept cereal as your lord and saviour 
cuddling with a random stuffed bunny just coz 
ur eyes 🔥 
don't think anybody will be able to love me because of how unstable i am 
i am going to do it . i am going to adopt a bunny 
love killed me i pray to god i never fall in love again there is too much to lose 
i will be better 
i am now unable to listen to my favourite blink - 182 songs , for they make me sick . 
qt 
one day i'm someone , and the next i'm another way . there are so many sides of me i can't begin to think of ... 
it's nine in the afternoon . your eyes are the size of the moon . 
if any 1 wanna text and chat about life and stuff , dm me and i'll give u my number ♡ 
i need an orgasm and a latte 
wrote about dirty chocolate here . !LINK! ♥ 
red lipstick doesn't look classy on me it makes me look like a prostitute 
king for a day is the one song that will always make me emo 
love u ♡ 
!LINK! 
happy birthday syd 💖 i hope you're doing well ! sending you lots of love ! 
when is bbq season gonna end ... ? ! 
posted a few things here . would really appreciate if u could rt this tweet to spread this . thank u guys . !LINK! ♥ 
hahaha 💖 
breaking down and coming undone , it's a rollercoaster kinda rush 
i want to be happy . i want to be happy with you 
d-o-l-l-h-o-u-s-e , i see things that nobody else sees 
can someone share their netflix with me i'll do anything like literally anything . 
i luv pink 
tides will bring me back to you 
i told you 
shit i do 
today 
tune ! give it a listen !LINK! 
you ruined it now , i hope you can't sleep and you dream about it , and when you dream i hope you can't sleep and you scream about it 
help me 
on this day , i truly was blessed . 
!LINK! 
the lights are so bright but they never blind me 
!LINK! 
niiice 
inspire me 
texting boys " do you still want to fuck me ? " so i feel like i'm worth something . 
god damn right . you should be scared of me . 
♡ 
i am a genuinely nice person so fuck anyone who's ever tried to take advantage of that seriously 
me : loses 20 kilos me : why am i so fat 
holy shhhit !LINK! 
i feel this . stay strong ♡ 
!LINK! 
💒 
i miss you body and soul so strong that it takes my breath away and i love you whether it's wrong or right 
maybe it's a cruel joke on me ... whatever 
you don't know how much i miss him 
i got a new life u would hardly recognise me , i'm so glad 
i say , " i heard that you've been out and about with some other girls ... " 
!LINK! 
training wheels by melanie martinez is so good 
i write blog posts about life , death and the struggle of living in the 21st century as a teen . i also sing . contact : malot.lea@gmail.com 
who want me 2 write about them on my blog ? 🐳 💙 💎 
bravo 😊 💖 
i would be your oyster . i ’ ll swallow all the things you ’ ve done to me and still give you this pearl . 
u were my first love , my first real kiss , my first time , my first everything . u'll have my heart forever . kinda funny that word . 
say you'll see me again even if it's just pretend 
i hate you now but why is everything trying to tell me i am meant to grow old with you ? 
missing u like 
private account where i tweet funny stuff in french : 
i love being polish because the foood 🍛 🍲 🍞 🍮 🍰 
omggg 💔 
somebody died beverly 
or even better : 
don't fuck with my love ... 
4/11 / 2014 . you told me you loved me . 4/11 / 2015 . strangers again . our story is full of blood and tears . 
happy birthday my beautiful 👽 💚 
i want to date me 
tired lil alien in the car 
ok ryan adam's 1989 is so good . i love it . 
♡ 
i have a video of my ass jiggling who knows how to make a gif out of it i'm serious 
hi , thx for the follow . ur awesome . sending u so much love 
me 
looking dead is my favourite look 
!LINK! 
no - 2/12 / 2015 
i have amazing music taste like i just listened to mozart , fifth harmony and skrillex in the span of 15 minutes 
what is snoop dogg doing 
!LINK! 
i don't feel happy today . 
i used to be so full of life now i'm nothing at all it ruined me 
!LINK! 

i'm that close to downloading tinder again ... 
going for a run if im not back in like two hours it means im dead bye ♡ 
i swear to god !LINK! 
blink - 182 are the loves of my life 
ur so lovely ♡ 
i need to lose more weight 
when you see my face , hope it gives you hell 
!LINK! 
try to tell me my icon isn't the actual anime version of myself ? 
thank you so much lovely , you're so kind . sending you lots of love 💞 
🔥 🔥 🔥 
hungry as fuck 
idfwu 
mmmohmygod stop fucking lying 
hi 
mood : best thing i never had attitude : nothing compares 2 u 
yeah my ass is great but unless i record a sextape is it going to make me famous 
ben oui ? 
what kind of conversation 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
i don't wanna feel blue anymore 
why i love - and why you should , too . !LINK! 
i love u 
i'm leaving this website 
this is dewey . he's gone . i loved him very much and i will miss him dearly . 😔 😔 😔 
i need someone . i need someone . i need someone . i need someone . i need someone . i need someone . i need someone . i need someone . 
in love with an entity 
i want a pizza now 
me : organises my wedding although no boy wants to marry me 
meeting up with my best friends in paris tomorrow gonna be lit 🔥 🔥 🔥 
omggg ilu ♡ 
this is the moment when i tell everybody i love them to death don't you realise everything could be gone tomorrow now 
!LINK! 
need !LINK! 
dreamed about ur lips again 
my next book will be called the lonely nightshades ! 
!LINK! 
i will always luv 
i'm just excited to go to paris in september so my best friend can take a selfie of herself + my ass 
i can cut you into pieces when my heart is broken 
really want to get high 
if i have a son his name will either be finn or isaac 
the fact that i can relate to all too well rn is so ugly 
!LINK! 
paris is beautiful at night i am walking down the streets and i am not afraid of life for a few hours 
bitch ! 
la base 
i'll have the same wedding as the sykes one day 
" back to december " is the song that describes how i feel about the first boy i fell in love with 
!LINK! 
the one thing u can't take away from me is my kindness 
!LINK! 
trop triste 
snow white said when i was young , " one day my prince will come " 
i'm a slut for one direction sorry 
why do i miss him when he's burnt a hole inside of my heart and he's hurt me almost willingly 
u'd paint me a blue sky then go back and turn it to rain 
sayin that i love him but i kno im gonna leave him . 
rap battles and chill 
let's talk about love , our dreams for the future and our darkest secrets . 
✨ !LINK! 
feeding sushis to bae like !LINK! 
we paint white roses red , each shade from a different person's head . 
i don't think we should ever speak again . what we had was real . though i want it again , it's hurting me . goodbye 
like this tweet if u would be ok with reading a bit of what i wrote ( only abt three paragraphs ) to give me feedback ? it'd mean a lot 
i dont know 

happy national cat day i had a cat but he's dead 
last night in paris 
syrup is still syrup from a sippy cup 
see i love u but u scare me 
i'm gonna work at mcdonald's how excited am i ? not really . 
petite nana sympa de l'internet 
fav if u think i shld yolo everything and go this colour 
the first time you ever saw me cry 
here for you . ♡ 
seeing internet bae irl like 
god , i wish i never spoke . now i gotta wash my mouth out with soap 
i hate myself . 
i need time to heal my heart i need time to become clean 
♡ sending u so much love 
!LINK! 
🙋 
✨ omg ! ✨ 
i want to tell you i miss you to death but you don't want to hear it 
up at 8 on a sunday because i'm going running 
me and momma bear in 2002 
i love music 
my aesthetic is pale girls and pastel colours 
u make me show what i'm trying to conceal 
at this point all i'm thinking about is getting you back but i know i never will 
try bc yolo 
♡ 
i don't shine like the sun , i shine like the moon 
i've been playing back a thousand memories baby , thinking about everything we've been through 
je meurs 😭 😭 😭 
going to see my tattoo artist tomorrow weee 
!LINK! 
i went on a run to evacuate all of the nasty thoughts going on inside my brain 
!LINK! 
i feel unappreciated and ignored . it hurts . i am capable of so much . 
one of the first things i say when meeting online friends is " i'm worried i look ugly . am i ugly ? tell me i'm pretty " 
man i love rusty hook but he unfollowed me 😞 sad times 
if love is setting the table for someone who's never coming home i think i'll pass 
tonight i just feel numb 
gn my dear friends ♡ 
yesterday i was horny but i was too tired to do anything so i slept what kind of laziness 
one time i almost spent € 200 on an exclusive r2 - d2 painting but then i thought what the fuck leia 
happy birthday to the actual love of my life ( in the most platonic way ) thx for existing 
!LINK! ♡ 
where them gurls at !LINK! 
me 
it's a hell of a responsibility to be yourself . it's much easier to be somebody else or nobody at all . 
anyway when are we meeting im in paris next week i want to meet u 
😪 
one time someone told me i looked asian and it was the best compliment i've ever received 
when the fuck did people start saying love was dead and that it wasn't a thing 
so good ! well done ! 
forget about each other til we get each other back 
46 
the mere thought of falling in love again terrifies me . 
and wherever you'll go so will i 
you don't voluntarily hurt someone you love . you don't hurt them at all , and if you do , you try to soothe the wounds you made . 
shana tova 
how to say the final goodbye to my first love in an article , without expressing anger or resentment . !LINK! 
xanax is the worst drug never start taking it 
i've given up on you 
me as a girlfriend 
going 2 see the eiffel tower ! nice 
pretty sure i'd be the best gf ever . ur mum would love me 
but i need you to shelter me from these ruins . i need you . 
the question we should all be asking ourselves 
bye 
give it a listen ! !LINK! 
i fucking knew it she's my spirit animal 
good !LINK! 
hi if u ever come to france can we hang out . this is an important question 
naruto makes me so uncomfortable this giant red fox makes me uncomfortable i hate it so much 
popping pills to forget 
all we do is drive 
sylvia plath i love you 
if you want me to say sorry i can say it a thousand times for i've done some things i can't speak of 
and out of all these things i've done ... i think i love u better now . 
its a bad sunday its cold and im sad !LINK! 
this . is . sempiternal . 
it's okay . it's alright . it's fine baby . 
i don't want to lose you now 
i need a lil cuddle right now 
♡ 
sooo gonna write a review of ' s ep soon . 🙏 
my article on how might just be a living god . !LINK! 
you planted a seed of love in my heart but this flower died of thirst 
lonely hearts club 
tfw when he's a fuckboy but he's also smart and a good person at heart 
!LINK! ♥ 
i wrote a song everyone ! ! ! !LINK! 
put on weight let's go back to not eating ... again 
how soft each of your kisses were , even when you got passionnate , your lips still felt like feathers on mine 
i want a boyfriend to dress up as the joker and harley quinn for halloween 
💌 
!LINK! 
fate was perhaps the cruelest creature on this planet . 
learning how to live with this burning passion and love running down my veins . accepting that it just won't leave . 
i love you guys i cannot deal 
i really can't wait to get married , settled down and to have children with the man i love . 
dream about me 
it's really hard not to let myself get influenced by what people say about you 
when u feel lost come to me i'll help u find ur way back home 
♡ !LINK! 
feels 
!LINK! 
now please hear what i hear !LINK! 
picking up v from school because i'm a good friend 
looking like a member from the addams family 
!LINK! 
it is toxic to be so devoted to someone . 
got a long list of ex lovers , they'll tell you i'm insane 
hahahaha 
being in love is so fucking shit but then loving someone with all your heart no matter how they are is gratifying 
omg looks like 
when are u coming to france so we can party hard ? 
please like my facebook page ! !LINK! 
!LINK! 
really wanna go do some volunteering in africa next year 
i hope you are happy . !LINK! 
i ran 10kms this morning and i'm very proud of myself 💪 
irresistible . 👌 👀 👌 👀 👌 👀 👌 👀 👌 👀 good shit go౦ԁ shit 👌 thats ✔ some good 👌 👌 shit right 👌 👌 th 👌 ere 👌 👌 👌 right ✔ there ✔ ✔ if i do ƽaү so my selｆ 
i've loved you from the very first day 
i don't know and i don't want to know 

i don't care if it hurts 
instead of learning to hate u for every minute u don't . cause i sit here , wondering if anything u said was true 
👀 
♡ 
i deserve a lot of love 
when the fuck did people start saying money was worth so much more than love i literally don't understand what the fuck is wrong with you 
🌸 
🌸 !LINK! 
my image in the mirror is distorted and i am slowly dying . i'm seriously dying . 
drown me in my daily cup of tea 
need 
in france we have this one voice who's always super happy to be talking 
taylor swift's third album is a gift from god 
for my first dance at my wedding i want my husband and i to twerk to 6 god by drake 
i knew he didn't love me but i adored him anyway 
" nudes ? " 
princess 
my problem is thinking i can fix people 
bb 💖 🌷 🍉 💕 
me and my brother both started singing " i was running thru the six w my woes " at the exact same time 
im such a nightcore junkie i feel bad but . i fuckin love it . im the nightcore princess 
the only thing keeping me alive is tea and music : a novel by me 
some ppl don't quite grasp the concept of " respect " 
merci 
stick around 
i hate pda 
why are u never giving back ? why are u refusing my love then saying u miss it ? why are u so contradictive ? make up ur mind ? 
i ♡ green tea 
!LINK! 
bitch take a look at my lips before making those lame-ass posts my god !LINK! 
discovery is important 
i want to be a better me 
🍑 
can't wait for tomorrow 
not many things make me happy ... but stargazing with my grandparents for three hours and seeing 6 shooting stars does . 
feeling sorry for myself . 
♡ 
i was caressing your face when you told me how much you were going to hurt me 
tryna explain france's atmosphere like 
!LINK! 
leave me alone mom i'm listening to vivaldi 
need a pair of those r2d2 superstars 
hi guys ( ๑ • ᴗ • ๑ ) ♡ 
omg amazing ! 
i like the way u work it 
i'd tell u i miss u but i don't know how . i've never heard silence quite this loud . 
i worked so hard to get the body i have now and i'm very proud 
♡ jtm ! 
nobody can understand this pain 
i'm dead without you 
i'm so much prettier than i used to be in like june / july lol 
now i don't negotiate with insecurities , they always seem to get the best of me 
sending you a letter today 💘 
don't give up on people 
the diamondharbor x kurama collab on ak47 is still one of my fave things ever i listen 2 it daily 
i don't want you anymore but i know we'll meet again in a few years ; why do i have this feeling ? 
wowza congratz ! 
where to buy rihanna's creepers / puma suede shoes ? help a girl out 
good morning 
i hate that i still play this on a daily basis 
my aunt asked when i've been happy last and i said when i held you tight 
in my dreams i can never reach you 
when u spot a fuckboy 
!LINK! 
i want the number 8 tattooed all over my skin for many , many reasons . i have a strange link with it . 
this is so real 
might pose for richard kern i am very fine and not at all stressed 
je l aime 
i tried to cry but it seems like i can't get these emotions out quite yet . the time will come . 
💘 
whenever u feel like no one is on ur side , dont u worry , im on ur side and ily 💕 
!LINK! 
he's tall , blue-eyed and blond and looks like an actual angel . 
rt 
!LINK! 
when u all unfollow me it makes my heart break a little bc i'm a nice person come on 
hahahaha 
!LINK! 
je n'aime pas 😔 
awww thank you 💞 
do people still use " x " s in their username . seriously . do they . 
is anime the real me ? or am i the human version of an anime ? 
♡ !LINK! 
non 
what's my world without ur beauty ? 
can someone tell my step sister to shut the fuck up 
had a dream i played music at a party and he arrived and started yelling at me 
u should come to france and i could show u around . please . i just really wanna be ur friend 
amazing 
♡ i am a little drunk ♡ 
instagram : leiaklaudia 
ya'll wanna know about my life just because you're a bunch of curious bitches . leave me alone yeah 
the art of being scared of everything . !LINK! 
ok anyway ! let's do this shit ! 
purple knuckles and being unable to move or remember anything when you wake up 
i've had a good , beautiful day . 
i am ... ddjkufhuiso 
just a memory now . good night 
qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm 
he doesn't miss me 
what can u do ... 
me : links a song under my profile picture on facebook so everyone listens to it 
je t'aime 
!LINK! 
i dream about you every single night this is so tiring 
i luv her !LINK! 
skinny dip in rabbit holes for fun 
six ppl is enough 2 convince me . 
ummm ... !LINK! 
listening to songs i used to listen to in july and feeling my heart breaking 
i could have loved you forever leave me alone you've caused enough damage 
liars and cheaters must be avoided at all costs . 
<3 !LINK! 
merci 
everyone needs to listen to heal by tom odell . so soothing but full of pain at the same time . 
shut up i stan 
its whatever 
tumblr , je t'aime 
there was never something magic between us , there was always this sharp truth that cut us to the core , this brutal honesty 
📖 
happy because it happened 
i want to be worth something ... 
why would i worry about my mental illness when memes just remind me how cool life actually is 
sleeping is my life 
yeah anyway i hate owl city and anime but i'm still listening to owl city and watching anime so what's fucking wrong with me 
i don't know how you got into me , down my throat and made a home in my veins 
sachin , amanda , morgan . you've seen me at my best and at my worst , too . 
you'll always have a part of me and you'll always make me sad so from this very moment it is over everything is gone i am just a memory 
dude nice , counting on it ♡ ✨ 💕 
blueberry raspberry ginseng sleepy time green tea green tea with lemon green tea with lemon and honey … !LINK! 
some 1 talk to me yeah ? 
my self-destructive tendencies are a pain to get rid of 
this is the most summery i have ever looked . 
i'm going to find someone someday who might treat me well 
your bio makes me so emo lol 
oh my god greg !LINK! 
!LINK! 
my apologies for the way i ended things , see i love you , but you scared me 
i either have to kill you emotionally or to kill you by stabbing you with an actual knife 
i forgive and forget . 
i think i'm gonna put a playlist at the end of my book just because 
gtg 
so much love for u 
everyone that i love , i hated first . 
we had something right and real . what we had was shelter . i can't get over it and i don't think i ever will . you provide me love that hurts . 
put me any maroon 5 song and i will scream out the lyrics and ruin the song 4 u ! 
!LINK! 
🍜 
me listening to ' s music 
!LINK! 
i love boys ' hair 
🔮 💅 🏻 💀 
i can never focus on one thing ... one day i write a book , one day im passionate about music , the other im keen on drawing ... my mind wanders 
dreaming of the day when i have a husband and children and i feel happy for real 
i want to see you again . i don't deal with not being with you well . 
and i wish you all the love in the world 
i miss her 
writing a review of ' s ep tonight who's excited ? me 
love is unconditional . 
if i were u i'd go ahead 
ouiii 
just posted a photo !LINK! 
😏 
✨ 
wow thanks mum and dad for bringing me into this goddamned piece of a shit world without my actual consent i really appreciate it jk 
i love everyone tonight i just want everyone to know that my heart is full and i want to live to taste all of this forevermore 
i really fucking want to hurt myself right now the pain is unbearable 
why is this such a cool concept maybe someone should make an anime out of it 
♡ !LINK! ♡ 
are u high enough without the mary jane like me ? 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
me : is running me : makes a peace signs to the cows looking at me cows : me : fucking dumbasses lol 
i wanna prove i'm capable of doing great things on my own 
i used 2 tlk to her in like 2013 b4 she got famous thats why i stan . thats why 
i go crazy if i don't feel loved or appreciated 
the lovely said i had a nice smile and it made me very happy 
i just don't deserve to feel all of this pain i don't deserve to let you watch me bleed 
you're the love of my life 
omg 
i n t o x i c a t e d 
and i want this forever . i want to know the darkest parts of you . i need acceptance as well . i want it to be real 
hurricane 
i wish u all a good night and sweet dreams ♡ 
!LINK! 
even better : roflmao i'm feeling fancy ! ! ! 
mood 
dang i look 💣 💣 💣 af today 
sexy watch 
writing books is easier than writing songs 
need 
with the weight of the bible i will break adam's ribs 
hey 
text me anytime ! 💙 
la classe 
trop groovy 
!LINK! 
ahhh i love u ♡ !LINK! 
it's not unbroken anymore how do i get it back the way it was before ? 
we were both distant but it is what i need i don't need someone who will coo me . i need truth . i need to stay lucid . i don't want puppy love 
don't like not getting what i want 
decided to move on and maybe it will work this time 
my parents 
my life . !LINK! 
last picture of it i promise 

i altern between complete disgust and unconditional love for you 
my thighs are half the size they were in april this is actually happening 
all i really want is to be wonderful 
need cotton candy hair 
happy he's happy . 
!LINK! 
stay , stay , stay , i've been loving you for quite some time , time , time 
well and truly adore mashups 
my best friends julia and kayli are the two best things that have ever happened to me 
u rock pls 
i love playing guitar 
gn lovelies 
you fucked with me 
* masturbates thinking abt the guy who broke my heart * 
you know that i'm a crazy bitch i do what i want when i feel like it 
👀 
need new kicks 
i always have dreams where i tell very intimidating and important people to fuck off . like i told the president to fuck off . wtf 
i'd actually rather for anorexia to eat me alive than to be this fat . 
♡ 
i need affection 
i luv 
!LINK! 
damn :( 
!LINK! 
my article on will be up soon ! <3 
haven't run for aba a week now i had to pause halfway coz i'm coughing me lungs out 
do u prefer listening to dark music or happy music ? 
a good concept : me seeing the guy i like on tuesday 
bad blood 
i hate when people talk about food to me it makes me so uncomfortable 
catscatcatctctvtcsatcatscatcactactscatctacatctasctacatscatscatscatscatctacstactacstactacstactactactactacatscatscatscatcatsc 
me rn 
♡ 
if someone wants to imessage sometime so we can talk about music and love and emotions ... malot.lea@gmail.com 
i stood there and wondered what it would be like if you were here with me 
omg thank u ♡ 
💞 
someone please find me a matching header to my icon thx ♥ 
one time i was in colette in paris and ran into this guy i sexted before i was like okay gotta go 
do ya'll know what happened two months ago ... i do 
♡ add me on fb homiez : lea malot ♡ 
when i held you i felt like i could finally breathe and i said " this is so soothing " and you said " really ? " it was more than that 
how 2gethimback ? 
oh my god !LINK! 
i want the best for you because your happiness matters a lot to me . not more than mine , but it does matter . 
good night my dear friends , sweet dreams 💖 
this is gonna be lit . ur invited 
i want to seduce a pokemon lover and take off my shirt to reveal my squirtle top so he loves me even more 
i got out of bed at 6am to take these 
if u spoke , insomnia might loosen its wholesome grip on my throat and i could begin to forgive u for admitting the hoax ... 
!LINK! 
mdr t'as compris 
!LINK! 
ryan hemsworth just tweeted me a heart i think we r official now 
i love u all so much . u never cease to inspire me . 
i was happiest in july i'd give anything to turn back time 
not really emotionally stable at this very moment . 
i live for memes 
i am very dateable 
. released an ep - and it's fucking awesome . !LINK! 
being called adorable is adorable 
omg who remembers !LINK! 
netflix and deep throat 
i have a large knowledge of mental illnesses and disorders as well and i write about it but that does not interest people 
i love rytmeklubben 
friends who like to kiss each other 
yes 
lol 
let me write for u 
i'm completely done and getting clean off him . 
but you've got your demons and darling , they all look like me 
i don't feel like a soft stream running down i feel like something possesses me 
i miss my baby 
hair at dolce & gabbana ss 14 
gentle sex is cool but have you tried not so gentle sex 
this song makes me so sad 
!LINK! 
looking like a school girl 
#aboutme 
eh could be better thanks for asking though ! 

i just want to be special 
holding onto a memory that showed the best side of you to avoid anger and bitterness 
ur so sweet 💞 💓 🌷 🍉 
1 year old already swagging it out 
it was months and months of back and forth , you're still all over me like a wine stained dress i can't wear anymore . 
jk i don't want to be anyone's girlfriend ever 
my body is so beautiful and i am so glad i've learned how to take good care of it . 
you never loved me or her , or anyone , or anything 
my family makes me so happy . 
just want to make people happy . 
!LINK! 
the second one ur a queeen 
ahhh not bad ! hahaha at my london show i wanted ed sheeran to come out but it was sam smith , good enough ! 
they call themselves your friends but don't like your profile pictures on facebook ... :/ 
that halsey record takes my breath away . 
♡ 
doctor's offices are depressing 
fun day ahead 
👀 👌 👀 👌 👀 good shit go౦ԁ shit 👌 thats ✔ some good 👌 👌 shit right 👌 th 👌 ere 👌 👌 right ✔ there ✔ ✔ if i do ƽaү so my selｆ 💯 i say so 💯 
!LINK! 
i could write a book about how your skin looked pale , this lunar shade of grey under the moonlight 
!LINK! 
are we in the clear yet ? 
it's hard realising nothing will ever make you come back , you know . i'm tryna get used to this idea . it hurts and i feel like it's my fault 
♡ 
good morning everyone 
hey ! when ur sad come to me . i won't mind . i know how it feels like ♡ 
💕 
stop hurting me 
misunderstanding after misunderstanding 
whenever i listen to no diggity or all me i get inexplicably slutty 
🔪 
it's where my demons hide 
one time i was making out with someone and a taylor swift song started playing it was awkward 
tonight i'm getting over you 
who wanna marry me for the lols 
wish i could find the words to say 
chilling with hannah !LINK! 
sorry to kill your excitement but i wont be able to make it 
!LINK! 
i thought you'd still be mine when i kissed you goodbye 
when ur stepdad offers u weed 
!LINK! 
♡ hello ! 
it's so sad that u decided to push away the one person who would have accepted any side of you i thought i could make the difference 
thanks for the memories even though they weren't so great 
oh my god , oh my god . it's crashing down all over me again . i'm being crushed by the weight of regret and pain . 
!LINK! 
" beware boys who smile at you when you go down on them . " 
im not actually kidding 
good night my dear friends , sleep well ♡ 
mmmm i just came thx for the gift 
how can i keep all the violence inside when all i want is to throw myself against the walls and break everything all the time 
i met my soulmate after spending like 100 hours skyping today wow 
good night everyone and don't forget to check me out on sc ♡ !LINK! 
grave 
beautiful 
someone needs to tell demi lovato she needs to shut the fuck up 
!LINK! 
ok ... 
pale and everchanging , just like the moon !LINK! 
look at my new lil kitten her name is hannah 
✋ 
my goal in life is to be creepy but also cute and kind of hot 
σ ( ￣ 。 ￣ ﾉ ) ﾉ 
requiem 
tfw u love urself ♡ 
happy birthday ♥ 
my article on the beautiful !LINK! 
if i'm not made for you then why does my heart tell me that i am ? 
my heart is saigning 
some things needa be said ... 
good night ✨ 
🇫 🇷 !LINK! 
🔮 
pandora's box - 11/11 / 2014 
jess audrey is an angel 
headed straight for the castle . they want to make me their queen . 
salut 
tanning my buttcheeks rn 
kurama is the oasis of softness and love we need in this violent world . !LINK! 
and i loved him . i loved him , i loved him , i loved him ... and i still love him . i love him . 
bcuz my face 
ppl who met me irl know its too real 
♡ 
💘 
probably going to write about like , now because i have things to say abt 2 of his songs 
it makes me feel all kind of things 
need a boyfriend who looks like porter robinson who makes music like porter robinson who is porter robinson 
i think i'm meant to get married to rami malek he's the love of my life 
my super cool blog !LINK! 
when he actin like nothin ever happened between us 💔 
a chapter of my soon to be published book . i hope you like it ! !LINK! 
i wish i'd never fallen in love . i seriously never want to feel love ever again if i'm going to go through this pain . i can't take it 
this is so nice . thank u 💞 🌷 🌸 
really looking forward to model for richard kern so he can take pictures of my booty 
how to make a gif of my ass jiggling ? 
🌸 💖 🌸 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
i'll mourn you when you go 
😈 
!LINK! 
love now equals hell - !LINK! 
mood 
how do i get ur attention 
when ur watching naruto and u recognise the music thats in one of ur favourite tracks 
aw jenny you absolute sweetheart , i love you ♡ 
i just want a milkshake 
👼 🏼 
♡ 
as days go by , he's sweeter and better . but why do i try when i know he's going to ruin me anyway ? 
baby , i don't care if you got her in your heart , all i really care is you wake up in my arms . 
!LINK! 
i love helping people and to see them achieve their dreams 
lacrimosa 
i love art . 
hello 
me flirting : but it's a good sign if i want to kill you 
looking happy 
🔩 🔩 🔩 
wake me up inside 
i used to be as pure as a river but you changed me 
it's awesome ! 
the hat tho 
clutching hard onto my own hands and crying aloud 
its the best fucknign song of the century holy fucking shit . pinot noir . caviar myanmar mid sized car you dont haveb to be pop 
smilin posin next to me new friend 😋 
me 
they know you walk like you're a god , they can't believe i made you weak . 
a final goodbye doesn't take just a text . it takes months of mourning and suffering . 
i'm wearing a chicago bulls hoodie i don't even watch basketball 
come over ! 
!LINK! 
i just want to be happy . i want it to be real 
i went to rennes and it was pretty rad - !LINK! 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
♡ 
🍎 hi 🍎 
dude , nice 
i miss 
i love so much 
want back my ignorance and bliss 
walking around the flat with a qt kimono on 
everybody who has met me in real life have told me i had a kind of beauty linked with sadness . 
♡ 
there's something going on in this sick brain . 
people are rting my nipple and ive never been more ok with that 
i hope u make it to the day ur 28 years old 
isfj kinda life 
i was as pure as a river but now i think i'm possessed 
i am thanks so much ellis 💞 
come 2 france i do nice shots if i may say so 
castle !LINK! 
you're the most beautiful person i've met . i hate you . come back . 
baby you're dead to me 
rose mcgowan is the love of my life 
and you've got your demons and darling , they all look like me 
gonna need sum cheering up it seems 
star wars battlefront and chill 
since u been gone i can breathe for the first time 
u know u know me , why r we fighting about being lonely ? 
for the first time , what's past is past 
!LINK! 
let me wear my shirts as dresses in which way does that concern you 
lots of love for u ♡ 
when i get a booty pic 
listen up my brother and i used to fight to wear this piece of shit sweater 
also when i figured out that i needed to stop looking for happiness in the same place i lost it 
i like this cover i made sorry :( !LINK! 
good night 
me : good vibes nice tunes love life me also : has never produced any kind of music ever 
!LINK! 
eternal flame by the bangles is a tune idc what u say 
♡ !LINK! 
uh oh they're coming for me 
fellow feeling breaks my heart 
♥ 
wrote about jessaudrey here . !LINK! ♥ 
💘 
being able to forgive people who have caused me emotional pain is something i think makes me either a good person or a fool . 
😒 
apprenez 
lights they blind me 
what have i done ? what didnt i do right ? 
i stan so hard dont even 
!LINK! 
lowkey horny rn 
reasons why i shld be ur girlfriend : i'll buy all of ur tunes , write abt it . also i can rap no diggity , all me and superbass 
!LINK! 
sending you so much love . 
i got my 2nd nipple pierced so now theres some piercing symetry going on 
i don't wanna lose you now !LINK! 
hopefully going to get a job hopefully going to get a tattoo 
want a boyfriend for halloween so we can dress up as t . j and spinelli 
the best moment of my life is when i said to i wanted to be his gf and he faved it 
is enough enough ? 
just listen to this !LINK! 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
i got butterflies in my tummy when he told me i'd never been appreciated the way i should have . he is so right . 
yo ur next then ! 
dang my ass looks fine 
!LINK! 
boys with ambition r so attractive 
no one's gonna drag you up to get you into the light where you belong 
date me 
no filter beyotch how is every 1 
a new notch in ur belt is all i'll ever be 
!LINK! 
i'd rather love and forgive people for my whole life and be hurt than growing a shell so thick i don't recognise myself . 
i miss your tan skin your sweet smile so good to me so right 
im gonna fight u so hard 
this is so funnysdjsjfjajnf !LINK! 
pareil 
" the scary about my way with things is that i put people in the vulnerable position as much as i can . so i can keep control over them . " 
thanks 
when i am sad i speak violent words , only seeking to awake your mind and to make u realise everything is fragile 
!LINK! 
date me 
why am i such a bad person ? 
they can't break our hearts they won't take our souls 
it would genuinely mean the whole entire world if you could rt , so people could read and understand the whole thing better 
🔥 !LINK! 
they're playing where r ü now in this bus so i'm twerking 
i am freeezing ! 
i wanna go swimming 
and the wind is so icy , i am numb 
working on myself for myself by myself 
yeah no living on a prayer is a fucking good song 
the struggle of living with bpd , of adoring and simultaneously hating somebody , and the undying need for love . !LINK! 
this is so awkward my nipples look like squirtle's fangs 
i wish you didn't see my love for you as an obsession obsessions come and go i don't feel anything for them 
!LINK! 
i loved you on this day . i love this memory . 
she is so annoying she makes everything about her its so ... goddarn ... annoying ! ! ! 
hello , it's me 
!LINK! 
!LINK! nothing but good vibes and sweet colours ♡ 
kayli and i are really fighting about almonds right now 
bises . 
wanna do a yolo and dye my hair pink 
🐣 !LINK! 
this is so awkward this bunny is gonna get eaten by a snake in like 30 minutes 
just stared at a picture of me and came to the conclusion that i am super bonne deuces 
waka flocka flame has the same birthday as me so who the fuck is winning now ? 
no u are ♥ 
hahaha omg 
i will never get over it , never ever !LINK! 
!LINK! 
compose ~ * 
human interaction by tonight alive is honestly a good song why are people getting so worked up about it ? 
my first love sent me this sablesounds song called " one and only " and said it was for me and i can't listen to it now 
i'll forever feel happy about the first boy i loved because he was god damn handsome 
lost my cat . he hasn't come home in more than a week and i'm scared the worst happened 😔 
opened dms to everyone go hard 
they r so pretty someone buy me them :( 
black bandana sweet louisiana robbing all the banks in the state of indiana 

writing is a therapy i couldn't live without it . it is vital to me 
salem dans sabrina 
will u still love me when i am no longer a brunette and i have pink hair 
but the monsters turned out 2 b just trees 
marina and the diamonds is a genius . 
that's not funny . that's not cool . you guys have very obviously never experienced love if you talk about it in this way ... yikes ! 
good to see people praying for paris but pray for the rest of the country , for us also living in fear at this exact moment 
♡ 
♡ losing ur earphones ♡ 
a good remix 
wednesday 
love me 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
🔥 
congrats mags ! 
♡ !LINK! 
since u been gone 
ur not sorry 
bb 
everyone needs to know how nice and amazing . talking to him literally is the highlight of my day . 
💖 
very proud of myself for achieving my goals . 
tortured mind 
you ok ? text me if i can help love 
why have i always known it was you , from the moment we met ? it's you . it's you . do you feel it , too ? 
baby 
you never brought me flowers , never held me in my darkest hours 
good morning ✨ 💖 💫 
i really want to date a music producer u can slide into my dms anytime 
!LINK! 
i refuse to live in fear of somebody else's judgement 
genuinely hate myself so much 
!LINK! 
god damn right , you should be scared of me . 
* writes about dismembering myself * i'm sane 
tfw you're in love with suken 
fuck 
good night everyone except you donald trump , fuck you 
je te #remercie 
" and i felt like , i know him , though and i know his heart , and i know what he wouldn't do to hurt me . " !LINK! 
the things i do or say when i am hurt do not define me 
me at the start of asylum : sister jude is a bitch . burn her . what a fucking witch . me at the end of asylum : precious judy don't leave us 
i do ! 
♡ 
different stars 
dying because of the sudden cold weather 😞 
i keep dreaming of people reading my diary and i wake up afraid that everybody knows my secrets 
oh it's #nationalbestfriendsday . guess this tweet will have to go out to this big fucking nerd i love you 
if they stop loving you i won't stop loving you 
!LINK! 
ur an angel ♡ 
writing about real stuff . honesty . pain . happiness . please support me !LINK! 
i've always said i would always be honest towards myself and others . now is the time 
don't you think 19 is too young to be played by your dark , twisted games when i loved you so ? 
everyone saying i've been losing weight and that i look pretty . it makes me so happy . 
♥ !LINK! ♥ 
there have never been flowers and fairy dust in our story , only ashes and broken foundations 
oh my god i was dancing to a song and i realised i had the same type of dancing as taylor swift does and i froze and now i can't dance 
i deserve better . 
i feel at peace with myself today and i feel okay . i don't have to force myself . i'm okay . 
when u all send me ur unreleased nxc private tracks on sc it makes me ♡ 
this is a slow and hurtful process . 
i hate phonecalls 
thank u so much kerry ! 💘 💖 💞 💕 💓 
i'm ok i'm ok i'm ok i'm ok i'm ok i'm ok 
non ! ! ! 
raconte en dm ! ! ! 
the absolute best 
♡ !LINK! 
me : omg are you god god : ask me what you need to know i know all of the answers me : do you think im hot 
omg look at this baby 
rainy paris 
almonds are 
soon it'll be a year 
really wanna netflix and chill rn 
u are so kind to me . i love that ur so lovely . ur a blessing . 
i wrote for a bit about my good friend m . you guys know each other . he's a good guy . he made me happy 
!LINK! 
not getting romantically involved with someone until my broken heart is back together . 
sunsets 
baby what about the ending ? 
you love me but i want you out of my life for ever 
stupid girl , i should've known , i should've known . 
am i in an emotionally abusive relationship ? 
king for a day will always be one of my favourite songs ever i am so emo 
afraid that i'm an emotionally abusive person 
✨ 
me : i still love * * * val : slaps me me : thanks 
i think i'll miss him forever 
psa : i don't make music i write books 
me after waking up from a nap 
almost tweeted a booty pic lol nice 
i need a nap or an orgasm or maybe both 
... and i feel so replaceable . 
she just is the perfect scarlett graham holy shit 
nevermind , i'm not sorry . you should know by now . 
hi ♡ 
i swear i'll ease ur pain 
my nipples are so pretty 
when drug dealers tell me that i should stop taking xanax because it'll ruin me i know there's a problem 
i just love my friends so much . 
i get extremely happy whenever someone is a bit nice to me . kindness always wins 
ur name forever the name on my lips 
i would love that 
!LINK! 
this is hell . all of it . i'm so desperate to get rid of this love for him running down my veins but i can't 
nightcore is 🔥 tho 
everything is so complicated 
♡ baby 
showed my nip piercing to my grandma earlier . rock on 
proper want pink hair 
tfw when dear john by taylor swift relates ur emotions exactly . i wish he wld listen 2 it and know how i feel 
!LINK! 
i'm a broke bitch 
wanna recreate this photo 
i love 
in my free time i flirt with music producers 
i think we should break up 
mum pls buy pink hairdye for my hair 
come back to me like you could if you just said you're sorry 
you never loved me or her or anyone or anything 
? ? ? 
!LINK! 
woop ! exciting stuff ♡ 
oh hi thx for the follow ur super rad 
i have an amazing ass no offence 
me : big eyes , soft hair , nice booty me also : single 
the hardest part is getting to understand that you never loved me at all . 
🍦 
i know places by taylor swift is the masterpiece ™ . 
we have a concept we should make money out of it let's actually do it 
i wonder if people i've had sex with look at me and go " wow . i've had sex with her " because i do that all the time 
no point anymore 
he was my everything , loved him through anything , he did everything to me but forgave him for everything 
câlin 
no idea what to write about , if someone has an idea for me ... 
anyway im dying my hair red next week because some asshole im in love with told me he could see me with it 
!LINK! 
gonna write about suken later because he's aweeesooome 
me ! !LINK! 
when bae kisses my neck 
is it true that pain is beauty ? 
they think i'm insane , they think my lover is strange 
ha ha ha ha 
!LINK! 
probably going to write some reviews of my friends ' music on my blog so you all know whats worth listening to . dirty chocolate is next 😛 
i've written three novels of 300 pages but can't think of the right words to describe what we had 
people who help u discover new music genres and artists are the best kind of people 
happiest of birthdays to you , dear lauren . i hope you had a day as fantastic as you are . 
!LINK! 
see u in march 
you guys are so cute ! 
💙 !LINK! 
hi everyone ♡ 
u can keep it ! 
my favourite tracks on sc here : !LINK! 
god damn right , you should be scared of me 
i do not matter 
!LINK! 
strange to see that despite my strong opinions and mind , i don't have any enemies on this planet . also sort of relaxing . 
tight !LINK! 
eating mcdonalds with , , nic e 
and who it was who taught u to speak bullets without considering the exit wound , tell me who ... 
i'm setting you free 
my wedding song will be i'm lost without you 
♡ !LINK! 
i was at her concert in london and saw him while waiting in line so i came up to him , said hi + took a picture ! he was so nice ! 
♡ see through tops and nipple piercings ♡ 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
we have always been a fucking secret i've always been a part of you you were trying to hide 
hahahaha hey 
so lucky to be getting to know the cutest blond , blue-eyed polish boy 😁 
she so rocks . !LINK! 
all of my best friends live in paris and this is not ok . this is fucking terrifying . 
doing it anyway 
!LINK! a good song 
!LINK! 
explaining in details how it's able to affect your daily life , and how it's affected mine . 
he is healing my heart . i am so happy . 
staying in my play pretend where the fun ain't got no end 
any 1 interested if i upload the acoustic version of my first original song tonight on sc ? it's kind of a voice-note kinda thing but ... 
ok so is super talented and sweet and also hot ? ! life is unfair 
pray for paris . pray for the whole country as well . we're all terror stricken 
💞 
🆙 
!LINK! 
there was never sparks flying , only reality around us that made us realise that we wouldn't fall from cloud 9 because we never went there 
!LINK! 
... tru ... 
what do you know about soulmates ? !LINK! 
looks like my butt !LINK! 
do u like me now ? do i turn u on ? !LINK! 
shit guys i look good ! 
oh my gosh happy birthday jess 💘 sending u so much love . lets talk soon ! 
!LINK! 
honestly mom please let me eat cereal for dinner 
bb ... 
just posted a photo !LINK! 
that little kiss you stole it held my heart and soul 
first , ur so pretty ♡ 
it hurts to love you , you know . if there was any way i could voluntarily stop all of this , i would , just for the sake of leaving you alone . 
i went through hell and back just to be where i am today 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
lol 
t'as pas honte !LINK! 
in love with a ghost released an ep - and it's fucking awesome . !LINK! 
( ๑ • ᴗ • ๑ ) ♡ 
omgz i found a giant cupcake 💗 🍥 🍦 🍰 
“ : every girls weakness 😍 🙈 💅 💕 !LINK! not funny ” 
private acc : 
reallyyy loving melanie martinez lately ... damnnn what a songwriter ! 
who should i write about in my next article ? any soundcloud artists i should know ? 
me 2 
i will now ! 
i hate that i've been manipulative with everyone around me every friend i have is the result of me tricking them into liking me 
what does oral sex feel like 
i've been back in my depressive phase for about two weeks now . waking up hurts . i can't bring myself to go outside . there is no future . 
i am sorry 
imagine if i was as good at being in love as i'm good at finding four leaves clover ? luck is fucked up 
❤ ️ oki ❤ ️ 
jv te buter 
!LINK! 
the last time we kissed i knew it would be the last time 
since you've been gone i can breathe for the first time 
i made an acoustic demo of this song i wrote but i want it to be dark and very ... like ... beat-y ... i need to start working harder 
here it is ! read about a little here ... !LINK! 
good morning ♡ 
!LINK! 
wish i had a music maker bf who could just produce music 4 me bc i'm shit at this 
nienawidzę cię , kurwa , dupek . 
well ... 
getting more and more passionnate about music 
jamming to old 90 ' s tunes 
up next on my blog : dirty chocolate / jessaudrey / kurama 
i am dead inside and i wish i could write abt it but i'm bad at poetry : a 21st century-esque tragedy 
getting inked soon 
don't forget me , i beg 
i try to wash you away but you just won't leave 
( ๑ • ᴗ • ๑ ) !LINK! 
not really , i feel extremely overwhelmed by some of my emotions 
all by yourself ... i know you'll never change 
if u make no effort with me i won't make no effort with u ... treat ppl how u wanna be treated . its that simple 
posing for richard kern in november ! ♡ 
when the party is lit 
♡ 
a part of me just died 
me 2 
talking about here ! !LINK! 
wtf !LINK! 
me smilin real big bc i love all of u 
i wanna make a difference 
nudes queen 
paris , london , nyc , japan , moskow ... this shit happens everywhere and nowhere feels safe anymore . 
omg ... someone wearing a fedora is standing in the same room as me ... i gtg 
i had to blur out my nipples before posting my photo on instagram 
and when nothing feels enough , at least u taught me how 2 love ♡ 
i need to write about a lot of things . 
don't be dramatic it's only some plastic no one will love you if you're unattractive 
( ∩ ˇωˇ ∩ ) ♡ 
wait i am !LINK! 
during a particularly rough panic attack linked with bpd , i ran away from home . today . !LINK! 
thinking abt rennes next week like 
i wish i was at a party rn 
gentle reminder that i am most likely modelling for richard kern in november can't wait 
give it a read 
if i don't get laid in october i'm going to die 
me singing and stuff !LINK! 
u can run but u'll never escape 
:/ 
!LINK! 
one girl in lingerie is ten times better than 50 hot boys 
i want to pose naked for a photograph because i believe to have the potential 
before i turn the world to grey 
annnd my son will be isaac adam 
not going to pukkelpop is rly ruining my week 
🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 
me as fuck 🍑 🍑 🍑 !LINK! 
#worldmentalhealthday i'm with you . 
luv u 
my ipad died today ... im so sad and emo rn 
!LINK! 
wow hey ann . i suggest you shut the fuck up !LINK! 
i'm so cold 
!LINK! 
i love u too u sweet , wonderful girl ! 
thank god im hot now 
that remix of all the things she said is 🔥 
it didn't have to end up this way 
whenever u ignore my selfies i want to cry 
exclusive gif of !LINK! 
love u jess 💘 💞 💖 💕 💓 💟 
" so are u single ? " !LINK! 
when it's broken you say there's nothing to fix 
utilise ton imagination ! ! ! 
meeting my online friends like 
i remember everything . 
i'll never be in love again 
can u get married to one of ur friends ? is it something ppl do ? 
💄 
make it my fault , win the game , point the finger , place the blame ... you toss me up and down . it doesn't matter now 
btw , this has been on repeat . !LINK! 
!LINK! 
i am here if you need me . 
u know i'm strong but i can't take that 
love is 
i still like u , a lot 
hahaha 
meee 
it has been a tough couple of days . 
i am overwhelmingly happy 
i hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me 
everything was well then 
the monsters turned out to be just trees @ château de menthon-saint-bernard !LINK! 
“ anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old . ” 
sevdaliza is unreal !LINK! 
i miss you 
thankful for my years-long friends julia , kayli , annabel , jessica , kielan , diana , morgane . you might not hear from me often but ily guys ! 
well done 
emil shutthe fuck upfjksnfkanf 
i wish you could feel what i feel true , genuine love i feel like we've known each other for ever but you feel like that with every girl 
you try to disguise the pain with something superficial . that's what i did with this boy . i thought he would fill the void inside of me . 
:( here for u . sending u love 
talking about you like you're a ghost . 
💘 💘 💘 
this is too real 
when producers u fuck with big time unfollow u ... ok :/ 
seriously though i might get tattoo'd on wednesday how sick is that ? 
r u insane like me ? been in pain like me ? 
i want a boyfriend or a girlfriend 
cry me a river 
hahaha bb <3 
wowza so tight 
writing about kind and magical people is what makes me happy . i need it like i need to breathe . 
warning my friends about fuckboys like 
my favourite colour ever 
my pain is so important i can't focus on anything else . feeling things too deeply is killing me . i wish i wasnt that way . i am in pain . 
i forced food down my throat , i am learning how to take care of the body i used to destroy looking for a peace of mind i never found 
♡ 
finally i have found a way to be happy 
💞 💞 💞 jtmmm 
having the time of my life 
they call me cry baby , cry baby !LINK! 
who wants to date me i will write poems about you , buy you star wars socks and make you tea and pancakes 
jk i can't flirt for shit 
when you get a letter from and he wrote " princess lea malot " on it 😌 💖 
i want to make-out with his ex 
same 
i hope you make it to the day you're 28 years old 
i'm talking about you like you're a ghost 
many thank 
i was never looking for a promise or commitment but it was never just fun and i thought you were different 
booty and kitty 
i have an iphone for like a week . cool 💣 
thank you so much reanna ♡ , sending u lots of love 
non 
what if we looked into the mirror and saw our anime selves 
i met and he just kept saying " i'm ill . my illness is my severe case of heterosexuality " 
the most painful part of it all was somebody thinking my love for them was some kind of unhealthy obsession . 
i miss this @ palace menthon st bernard !LINK! 
tmtcey 
💘 💞 💖 💕 💓 💟 
hi u cute 
" you are pretty and smart but you seem sad , oh so sad inside . " 
think my heart is unable to feel anger or resentment 
all the things i would change if we could only rewind 
i just slept . a lot 
you can't say that i never tried 
i hate 
i love you guys . 
i need to find my own identity . i need to focus on myself . i need to stand before my weakness and to get better . 
sending u love as always :) 
dropping my panties to the ground 4 boys who make music 
this explains why i never got a boyfriend in my whole entire life 
borderline personality disorder explained more in details so anyone who knows me can understand . !LINK! 
you know it used to be mad love 
💖 
me every two seconds : am i being needed ? missed ? 
22:22 butts 
i was so high on xanax yesterday i can't remember shit about what i did 
stop 
shana tova my jewish friends ♡ 
nice !LINK! 
i feel like i have known him for years 
i will never stop being resentful towards the attitude you showed . i still feel some kind of love and respect for you , but that's it . 
!LINK! 
☁ ️ 
highkey taylor swift fan ( when i say i'm hardcore i mean it . i met her dad once ) 
all of those are so good . !LINK! 
i dyed my hair back to black 🎥 📞 💣 
autumn leaves falling down like pieces in their place !LINK! 
thank you is all i have to say 
¯ \ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ 
!LINK! 
i want calvin klein underwear bc i suck 
i can't even believe and i have been friends for eight years now . i miss you ! ! ! 
i hope you read my words 
it's been a year ... @ manchester , united kingdom !LINK! 
we were lovers now we cant b friends 
dancing around the kitchen in the refrigerator light 
i see ur face everytime i close my eyes !LINK! 
would it really kill you if we kissed ? 
showing them what i look like so they think i'm a doll who says yes to everything . i am a doll with no feelings . 
gonna watch criminal minds because it makes everything better always 
😁 
i will wait for you 
!LINK! 
niiice 
the crowds in my heart , they've been calling out your name , now it just don't feel the same 
going home 
i want to be atrociously mean to you and to hurt you so bad you never get back up . 
anorexia and binge eating disorders are a part of my life - !LINK! 
i miss you . the pain never goes away . !LINK! 
well i hope she does then and ur welcome 😋 
morning sky in rennes 
!LINK! 
selfies with the iphone 4 r so lq it makes me sad 
u got something they don't 
u and i 
underwater by kidswaste got me feeling some type of way 
drinking green tea and reflecting on my life 
also did a little acoustic cover of ' s " ghost " really quickly outta boredom , hope u like it ♥ !LINK! 
hey that's actually a good idea 
fils de pute !LINK! 
hannah sykes is my icon 
cold 
i feel so god damn trapped inside this feeling of unforgiveness and wrath , i can't even open up . because i've already done it so many times . 
i look cute today 
yes 
everything will be ok 
i didn't get high on xanax like i'm used to . i want to be a better person and i want to be healthy . i want to be full of life . not a zombie 
what is this ... !LINK! 
leia is no cry baby 
gn 🌷 ✨ 🍥 🍉 🔮 
when bae wanna have sex but the film ain't even finished yet !LINK! 
just an emotional shawty finding her inspiration in the darkest , dustiest corners of her mind 
listening to francis cabrel like fifty years-old emo trash 
i love i hope he loves me back 
angry polish girl poses 
when's thanksgiving ? 
i write for the same reason as i breathe ... because if i didnt , i would die 
carla je t'aime 
!LINK! 
i ate cereal for dinner because i'm a trainwreck 
💞 music 💞 
this boy hit on me for a month , i ignored him , and now i'm in love with him cool 
i'll be okay . i'll learn . i'll grow . 
!LINK! 
both of my nipples are pierced and my boobs look hot as fuck so honestly 
oh my god !LINK! 
i want to write but then i don't 
my lil guitar is looking groovy 
wrote about mark johns here . !LINK! ♥ 
all i can say is that my butt is a fucking masterpiece it is big and jiggles like jelly 
today i fought 
the last samurai 
talking to you fills me with happiness 
fav if i shld dye my hair this colour 
i did something bad 
yeah mine too 
i feel very unwell 
when u see a person u used to b friends with had the nerve to unfollow u 
so this is what real love feels like ? 
i'm going to talk about borderline personality disorder tomorrow on my blog . it'll be the first time i speak about it so it's a big step ! 
!LINK! 
every second is like torture 
pretty sky 
praying to god like " do you think i'm hot ? amen " 
that aint true 
thank you so much for making this song 
and they tell you that you're lucky but you're so confused , you don't feel pretty , you just feel used 
yeah i'm emo who fucking cares 
taking three xanaxes and punching walls to forget about you 
the thought of death is almost overwhelming , but somehow my will to live is stronger . 
nah 
😅 
when ur just hanging out with bae but all u think about is his dick in ur mouth but ur trying to stay lowkey 
🐰 
all i am is an imposter , an imposter 
i wanted to give you mine ! ! ! 
!LINK! 
enthusiastic about everything 
<--- cutie with a booty 
!LINK! 
♡ !LINK! 
even if i'm not perfect i do know that my heart is made of gold 
🐼 !LINK! 
wakemeupinsidesaveme 
step by step 
tomorrow is a better day 
trying to remain kind and patient . trying to remain kind and patient . trying to remain kind and patient . trying to remain kind and patient . 
your skin makes me cry . 
one day the person i loved told me that my borderline acts were too much for him to handle and that it put him in a rage i was hurt 
cool 
worst night of sleep ever 
just posted a photo @ tour eiffel !LINK! 
i miss july 
!LINK! 
wish you knew that i miss you too much to be mad anymore . 
☕ ️ 
he's still dead when you're done with the bottle 
:( 
!LINK! 
thank , , ? ! ! ! 
30.10 . 2014 / 30.10 . 2015 
walk into the club like whaddup i have social anxiety and i really want to go home right now 
i have her home address we jst tweeted each other a lot she probs dnt remember me :/ / / 
fuck naruto 
need motivation to finish writing my book 
happy birthday kanye west i hope one day i love myself just as much as you love yourself 
i am honestly feeling unstable i have been crying for thirty minutes 
#oddwaystostartaeulogy when we met i was depressed and i sent him a picture of my ass and cried 
💖 🍥 🌸 💞 💒 
are you afraid of being alone ? !LINK! 
ouuuiii 
i can't even listen to your songs anymore everytime someone speaks your name i feel this lump in my throat and i have to swallow it back 
i will write about the time i spent in rennes on my blog on friday 
so beautiful 
much grandeur 
berta pfirsich 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
being somebody's secret was special and beautiful in its own way but it was destructive and it broke me 
artistic people inspire me 
😌 
turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you 
( ๑ • ᴗ • ๑ ) ♡ 
!LINK! 
do u want me to draw ur icon on one of my buttcheeks , , , im that close to doign it right now 
♡ me and bae on our wedding day ♡ 
cause most of us are heaving through corrupted lungs 
when i get a unwanted dick pic 
it can be anything from album reviews to relationship , anxiety / mental illnesses advice ... anything ! 💘 
:) 
i won't cry for you , see when you're gone i'll still be bloody mary 
ok anyway lmao 
we were lovers now we can't be friends 
little leia 
when are u coming to france my friend ? 
i just finished ahs asylum and my life makes no sense anymore why couldn't sister jude be immortal 
i am trying to soothe my pain in healthy ways but i can't i only know destructive manners 
!LINK! 
he'll never believe it but he was the most beautiful person i've ever met i can't believe he even looked at me 
!LINK! 
ur not my saviour and i don't need u . also its hard not to see i have problems w / sex and affection . thanks 
this is so groovy ♡ 
where is my bae ? 
will someone stroke my hair and make me happy ? 
!LINK! 
underwater by kidswaste reminds me of a part of me i haven't seen in a while , that part who's hidden under the ugly things 
!LINK! 
he sounds like that kind of soccer mom that would go " i want to speak to the manager " 
i'm shining like fireworks over ur sad , empty town 
i'm just too into u 
wish you were here 
!LINK! 
creativity 🌀 
❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ 
ok ... u r ♡ 
i love him !LINK! 
!LINK! 
also small feet and small hands 
thanks bitch ! 
that's what you get when you find out who you are 
when i talk to you i don't feel pain 
inspiration is all around 
you used to call me on my cellphooone 
i no longer feel the need to protect myself because i know he is a good person 
pika beanie 
i showered to get rid of unpure thoughts and feelings , and to try to wash you away 
thank u so much ! ! ! ♡ 
😔 💔 
omgz so prettyyy 
!LINK! 
gonna cut my own bangs lol fk it 

omg i love u codi ♡ 
the moment when i held you for the first time shocked me and fulfilled me with happiness and i'll never feel that way again 
dazed and kinda lonely 
have been hurt so bad but still love so hard . i admire myself for that . 
i just remembered that time when i told i wanted a hug and he said " ok " and he went to sleep 
anime girl : big eyes , small nose , big tits , shy and big butt me , leia : same 
just wait . 
!LINK! 
all we seem to do is talk about sex 

getting my new kicks on wednesday hyped af 
i fucking love drake 
( ๑ • ᴗ • ๑ ) ♡ !LINK! 
in my dreams you're touching my face and asking me if i wanna try again with you and i almost do 
i've tanned a little ♡ 
u'd rather 
i have to take naked pictures to send to a fifty-four years old photographer . uhhh , what ? i don't even care ? 
i put my heart and soul into this , and it's painful . i would so appreciate it if you could give me a quick retweet . ♥ 
despite your heart of gold , your bad actions make everybody hate you . sorry about this . it sucks . 
who wanna take cute pics of my booty tho ? 
i like it dirty 
need 
! ! ! rofl ! ! ! 
!LINK! 
when i die tell drake i loved him 
a month ago i was broken and now someone is putting me back together i feel so happy 
looking cheeky as fuck circa 2001 🌸 👾 🍫 
👅 
i know it's long gone and there was nothing else i could do 
yeah ! 
since my hair isn't black anymore i don't feel as emo as i used to . this is not a good look 
i've got a boyfriend now and he's made of gold 
me after holding onto u for 9 months 
come on ... make it easy ... say i never mattered 
i find my inspiration in happiness as well as in the dustiest and darkest corners of my mind 
! ! ! 
!LINK! 
i'm so cold i hate my life 
💞 trop gentil toi 💞 
!LINK! 
i've just been sick because how scared and shocked i am . everything inside of me is screaming why . the world is so cruel . 
honestly probs not 
!LINK! 
♡ 
this is so well known but !LINK! 
when you're gone i'll still be bloody mary 
playing with small children all day sure is exhausting 
!LINK! 
i am sorry that i ever hurt you . it is hard to live with yourself when you hurt someone you love . i hope you will forgive me one day . 
i wish i had enough courage to call you up and tell you i'm sorry and that i miss you 
very annoyed by the fact that i don't have a shiba inu 
i wish i had a boyfriend to sleep with bc i hate sleeping alone :( 
me : stares at my nipples me : beautiful 
who thinks about that at my age ? don't you think 19 ' s too young ? 
my heart feels heavy because i don't want to fall in love with somebody new , yet here i am . 
i wish my lover was here with me tonight . 
you are truly amazing , so much love for u and ur work , u have my support always . take care 
!LINK! 
* possibility by lykke li plays as i stare at the ceiling wondering what the fuck happened to me * 
!LINK! 
im so funny you should rt 
🍑 🍑 🍑 
gonna go 2 paris soon 

all is good now . 
i love ur new icon . also why r u so pretty . w hy . 
okay !LINK! 
the more i write my book , the more i want to play the role of scarlett if it gets adapted as a movie 
miss ur body 
🐟 💧 ❄ ️ 
and i'm still waking every morning but it's not with you 
if sylvia plath was a teenage girl in 2015 , she probably would be my best friend . 
mood : lucario attitude : bidoof 
happy birthday miss u ♡ 
!LINK! 
i'm home 
thank you lovely ! x 
those new star wars superstars omggg ♡ 
ye 
is she real ? 
!LINK! 
oh myf ckingn god !LINK! 
define creepy 
i love 
she literally is my # 1 i had to hahaha . so lucky , who was the special guest ? she is so good 
i feel empty and i do not know who i am 
but what happens when u give out so much love and no one ever gives some ? i feel drained like a battery that needs charging 
imposter by bearson ( w . mark johns ) is a masterpiece 
!LINK! 
!LINK! 
still the best 
much campagne 
can you hear me ? 
a cute guy just told me " i want us to adopt an owl " 
need someone but don't want anyone 
the lower i'll get the higher i'll climb and i will wonder why i get dark only to shine 
i have known no happy ending my entire life 
i want my best friends to write my eulogy and send it to me . 
i'm in the mood to cuddle someone this never happens 
haven't been on xanax for a week today ♡ 
ouf 
omg look at me 
lookin like a lil alien 
i like ur bio 
first tattoo soon 
!LINK! 
i seriously wish i could sing on a track i know how to write songs but i can't do music 
the only place i get to see you anymore is in my dreams . 
ladies oh ladies why are you so mad , is it cause i'm classy and you're a trash bag ? 
i love u ! ! ! 
" the first guy i had sex with . so he ’ ll always be in my heart . forever . kind of funny that word . " 
i miss your tan skin , your sweet smile , so good to me , so right 
regarde !LINK! 
read about the artist kurama and his wonderful music here ! !LINK! 
portraits for richard kern 
