non ça a l'air bon ça * o * 
ok . :) 
je me souviens encore du jour ou je suis allee voir le premier film et le dernier volet arrive dans 15 jours wtf 
ptain mais y'en a qui posent avec jen devant les photographes professionnels juste whaaat #mockingjayparispremiere 
soi . 
" show me mercy from the killing machines show me mercy can someone rescue me " hahaha #fravnzl 
putain mais arretez avec david hallyday on s'en fout de david hallyday arretez de nous coller la honte . #mockingjayparispremiere 
moi j'ai toujours eu du mal à analyser ce passage-là : " i've got some memories i can't make sense of , and i don't think the 
" 10 reasons why katniss should have chosen gale over peeta in the hunger games : !LINK! " lol la blague . 
ok j'ai compris ... mdrrr 
" liameuh emsworse " #mockingjayparispremiere 
si si ^ ^ 
dormir ... 
so i have to go to sleep . nighty night tout le monde ! :) 
y'a plein de superbes citations everlark dans mockingjay qu'on oublie : " you'll never be able to let him go . " " i don't know why his voice 
a fan i've been talking to and who went to the premiere last year told me that it was basically the same 
ah d'accord . 
" except for you stiles . what do you turn into ? " " an abominable snowman . but it's more of a winter time thing , you know seasonal . " 
anyway i swear we are civilised people , i just don't get why a lot of people who go to big premiers seem to have no idea why 
grave on me l'a dit tout le temps en angleterre : " your english is so good , where did you learn how to speak it ? " 
" it's a club . we were clubbing . at the club . " #tw #2x06 
♥ pardon 
so after , when he whispers : you love me . real or not real ? " i tell him : " real . " 
carpet and you don't have to buy a super expensive ticket to come 
❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ 
hahahahaha c'est ça 
ah trop bien ! ouiii ! 
:( ( 
mdrr 
" okay you don't toy with a guy's emotions like that danny it's not attractive alright ? " 
hahahahahaha you've got to be kidding me . 
mon dieu un nouveau tv spot pour mockingjay est sorti cette nuit avec des images juste zeojhogfjdgjsosod et bien sur lionsgate l'a bloque 
without giving specifics , the director said that “ mockingjay - part 2 boasts “ a surprise that isn ’ t in the book ” and that was added ” 
j'ai vu mockingjay ! ! ! j'ai survécu ! ! ! 
meuuuh non pas toi ♥ 
et elle : " do you know what we say in england ? we say that there is no american accent , it's just mispronunciation of words " 
" yeah , a lot of things should count for something that don't seem to , katniss . i've got some memories i can't make sense of , and 
mouais 
" they say time is supposed to heal ya but i haven't done much healing " 
bavard ! 
regarder 
dit : nooo , no way ! ! ! et si . et si ... 
" i don't know why his voice reaches me when no one else's can " 
and most fans would have been able to answer these questions . i just get the feeling that these people were 
pitié , pas david hallyday . #mockingjayparispremiere 
aha tu me rassures merci ♥ 
specifically to satisfy fans . “ it is toward the end of the film , he said . — " ” 
it means both :p silver and money depending on the context ;) 
" adele has that kind of music that makes you miss someone that you made eye contact with on a bus seven years ago " je meurs . 
voila . 
basically the whole album is like that . 
mom please look at me . please say something ! ! ! #hungergames 
" challenging and hard " ptdrr 
dit : " you want to say tomatoes because if you say " tomatoes " , that's american .. " moi : " oh yeah sorry old american accent " 
" you're still trying to protect me , real or not real ? " " real . because that's what we do , you and i . protect each other . " 
" and if i'm gonna die , i wanna still be me " . and now i'm crying because of hijacked peeta #hungergames #D8 
peeta & katniss , résumé : thg peeta " je t'aime " katniss " ok " cf : peeta : " je t'aime " katniss : " hmm " mj - katniss : " je t'aime " peeta : " ok " . 
merci ! ! 
" you're killing people ... to death yeah ! " 
* me seeing a galeniss still * nooo , not a galeniss still ! * pause * ... well anyway you're not going to end up together so . 
ouiii bien sûr ! dreamy-chloe :) ) 
" a short poem by me : i do not want a job ! let me die ! " #gpoy 
" you know what that was for ! " hahahahahaha 
" screw you . you know what ? screw you too . in fact , screw each other . " #tw 
" who ’ s ready to fuck up their sleep schedule " story of my life 
i think they are screaming but they are blocking their screams , either with the music or something else idk 
you're a painter . a baker . you like to sleep with the windows open . you never take sugar in your tea . you always doubleknot your shoelaces . 
#maisaufinalcestellequiatroisfoisplusparléquemoi 
strickland ... 
je peux pas regarder la scene du tracker jacker je pense trop a hijacked peeta excusez moi 
tellement :') :') 
don't worry it's okay ! ! and anyway that was an easy question too . i've been facepalming for five minutes 
to see on screen a romantic encounter between katniss everdeen ( jennifer lawrence ) and peeta mellark ( josh hutcherson ) . " 
adaptations ... 
yeah i feel the same ... but berlin fans seemed louder idk . there is also the fact that they were drowning 
" i don't want to forget . " encore une allusion atroce a mockingjay , excusez-moi . #hungergames #D8 
thg ) 
ouais 
la vache la classe 
" alright , i'll do it . " hahahahaha . 
♥ 
" you know who else is a virgin ? me . i'm a virgin . and you know what that means ? it means that my lack of sexual experience is now literally 
“ yeah , well , i guess we ’ ll have to have one in the capitol … after we take it . finnick qui parle de sa lune de miel , desole c'est cruel ” 
row who haven't reads the books and sometimes haven't seen the movies like wtf are you doing here ! ! ! 
haunted screams everlark in mockingjay btw . 
whereas anybody can go to the red carpet ... :/ 
ce soir , mockingjay ! ! 😍 😍 😭 😭 
ohhh mais c'est trop classeee waouuuh 
the train than did . " 
" just stay here " . " oh my goood " . 
de rien ♥ ♥ ♥ 
voilà . 
it's your dream . take responsibility for it . " ahahaha #tw #3x06 
♥ ♥ ♥ 
a threat to my life . i need to have sex ! like right now . someone needs to have sex with me , like today ! ! someone needs to sex me right now ! " 
do i wanna know ? by arctic monkeys is honestly one of the sexiest songs of all time btw 
mdr 
" anxiety isn ’ t cute . don ’ t act like you have it because if you want it , here . have mine . because it ’ s not fucking cute and i don ’ t want it . " 
paris 
straight since the questions are super easy ... and i'm honestly shocked to see that there are people first 
a very happy birthday to ! an amazing human being and the best peeta we could have ever had ♥ 
#np haunted - taylor swift 
capitole touched them . a lot of the nights on the train , for instance . " again , the implications . that more happened on the train than did . " 
hahaha 
thing last year with crazy girls in groups pushing them etc . - ___ - 
don't worry again ♥ 
much more excited and at the same time much more civilised ... that's because you need to pay to see the movie in the theater 
mais ouais le " than more happened on the train than did " est quand même perturbant . ' ^ ^ ^ 
anyway after they showed the inside of the theater and people seemed muuuch more excited , screamed a lot etc 
pretty sure people screamed there too ... we just couldn't hear them idk if you see what i mean 
arff ... =/ 
yep 
when your crush adds you on facebook : !LINK! 
the screams with the music during that premiere and the camera didn't seem to record the screams ' cause i'm 
sad i hope it didn't ruin the experience for you :( 
amen 
not fans at all ... 
#np i'll be good - jaymes young 
" it's all in the past . " " you mean the future . " #backtothefuture 
helehzlajzoajzjzkzhr 
so i think the real fans went to see the movie and not to the red carpet ' cause anybody can go to the red 
spongebob squarepants hahahaa 
yep unfortunately people who go there are not real fans ... i think they go see the movie in the grand rex ' cause they were 
sorry for retweeting all of that , you must think that i'm a creep , but i think this is so incredibly rude that i wanted to 
on dit everlark maintenant ^ ^ 
bon ... 
!LINK! stiles & lydia | | i'll be good 
the whole album is like this tbh . 
" now . you want the ham and cheese ? or the turkey club ? " * meurt de rire * 
mcflyyy ! #tmc #retourverslefutur2 
mon dieu 
" native french teenager " . 
liam's australian accent * o * #mockingjaypremiere 
" josh ’ s reaction when she admits to using tongue when kissing him . " je meurs de rire . 
chansons favorites sur l'album d'adele : 1 - love in the dark 2 - hello 3 - million years ago 4 - remedy 5 - i miss you 
" the french fans are the best in the world obviously " ça va les chevilles . #mockingjayparispremiere 
l'apocalypse quand jlaw arrive hahahaha #mockingjaypart2worldpremiere 
ans . 
2h ... 
❤ ️ ❤ ️ 
hahaha 
new backpack ! a late birthday gift given by my sister , i decided that i liked late birthday presents … !LINK! 
no they asked what was katniss everdeen's nickname ;) 
josh est trooop chouuu . #mockingjayparispremiere 
" come to my place at 9 . plan to stay the night . i like to cuddle . " 
ouiii mdrrr 
comment ca mockingjay part 2 sort dans un peu moins de 2 semaines , c'est une blagueee 
mdrrr 
" who are you , miss lonely hearts ? " hahaha #backtothefuture 
mon dieu le nouveau tv spot avec " stay with me " rip meee . #mj2 
mon dieu on a genre la soundtrack des moments les plus epiques du film en avant-premiere ! #mockingjayparispremiere 
ashley benson et nat wolff , wtfff ? ? 
lying here , ' cause i remember it all , all , all , too well . " 
" and you called me up again just to break me like a promise , so casually cruel in the name of being honest , i'm a crumpled up piece of paper 
yeeep 
hahahaha biff cette ordure . #tmc #retourverslefutur 
en ce moment jlaw s'habille trop bien , she looks like a freaking supermodel 
" i'm an old lady " ahahaha #mockingjayberlinworldpremiere 
share it with my followers ( i'm french ) to tell them that basically i didn't want to go to a french premiere xd 
!LINK! the everlark theme through thg saga ( including the mj part 2 version ) . la fin va vous rappeler real or not real :') 
le mec a pas voulu traduire le " josh and i are married with children " ahahahaha . #mockingjayparispremiere 
( + water under the bridge ) 
haha merci ! ! ♥ 
vrai 
ivy . @ blaye , france !LINK! 
et everlark rocks . sorry not sorry :p 
t'as vu t'as vu ^ ^ 
" they want us to include specific phrases from the book , some scenes , “ said the filmmaker , who noted that one of the wishes of the fans is 
jlaw : " my nephews played my children ... " josh : " and mine . " josh doesn't care about spoiles ahaha 
reaches me when no one else's can . " 
this premiere was a bit boring tbh #mockingjaypremiere 
encore ^ ^ 
capitole touched them . a lot of the nights on the train , for instance . " again , the implications . that more happened on 
le journaliste : " i watched the movie the other day " . genre normal ahahaha #mockingjayberlinworldpremiere 
aha good then i was scared for a second that it might seem actually really weird xd 
i don't think the capitole touched them . a lot of the nights on the train for instance . " 
mdrr 
like 4 years " . 
je suis terroriseee 
" i want to eat " huhu #mockingjayberlinworldpremiere 
les mots de plutarch " we're fickle , stupid beings with poor memories and a great gift for self-destruction " ça m'a fait penser aux horreurs 
joshiiie #mockingjaypart2worldpremiere 
j'ai peur 
have no idea what they are doing and i look like a crazy girl who can't control herself . 
les cours ... voilà voilà i'm the typical young adult . 
bref j'ai hâte ! ^ ^ 
" son of a bitch stole my idea ! " hahaha #tmc #backtothefuture 
they're coming ( like often they haven't read the books nor seen the movies ) and why they push others like that it's really 
" i don't want to be robin all the time . " " nobody's batman and robin any of the time . " " not even some of the time ? " 
pesant haha 
you are fired ! #retourverslefutur2 #tmc 
exactement . tu as totalement raison . 
silver or money i mean not both at the same time ^ ^ 
" i'm 147 pounds of pale skin and fragile bones . sarcasm is my only defence . ” 
crueeelll 
aha t'es chou 
" the french films are the best in the world obviously " ça va les chevilles . #mockingjayparispremiere 
and btw i hope that you don't think that all of us are like that , i'm a huge fan of the books and the movies 
the queen . #mockingjayberlinworldpremiere 
" when u have to be nice to creepy guys so u don ’ t get murdered :-) #justgirlythings " la vérité . 
