really liked year one , but i think tdkr really feels a little bit outdated today . 

#unfollow 
rupert sanders , il me semble . 
parenthood fini et archivé ! bye bye , braverman family ... 
just heard you on parenthood ! ! so cool ! 
oh , you're into theology too ? 
i asked them if i should go and watch their work , they answered " don't do that to yourself , it's not worth it . " 
trop chou ❤ ️ 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : symmetry ( 19 ) , glass candy ( 10 ) & chromatics ( 9 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
argh elodie yung . she's really really bad . 
i was heartbroken when he left dc . just like with ! :( 
ca me fout un peu mal au crâne , perso . 
really shitty . 
" es regnet " se transforme en " der brekbreur " . 
you need a wingman . 
respect ! 
merci ! 
+ 1 . 
british tv ... 
zebda , ou manau . 
it's awesome to read that . i loved batman too . have you watched the classic animated series as a kid ( from 1992 ) ? 
batman & robin eternal ? je suis partant ! 
i heard the tv-show is gonna be inspired by bendis , so you might wanna check it . also , frank miller's run . 
moi je shippe . 
" this content is currently unavailable " 
jli de dematteis et giffen ? 
foals depuis le 2e album : 👎 👎 👎 
what are you writing about ? 
" over and over , the crow cries uncover the cornfield . over and over , the thresher and hover the wheat field . " 
oh , and by the way , happy birthday ! :) 
my top 2 #lastfm artists : taylor swift ( 78 ) & the beatles ( 17 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
that's awesome ! 
the amazing spider-man #517 . je relis le run de straczynski . 
batgirl and supergirl . 
hunger games . 
windows dystopique . !LINK! 
nice to hear some new things from you ! :) can't wait to hear what's next . 
same . 
i have to say i love your mix , matthew . i discovered so many things that are now some of my favorites with them ... 
ah , merci ! 
the story of my life with ... 
what are your favorite comic stories ? #batgirlchat 
this is really annoying . especially because you can't find them in europe , there was no imax event over here ! :( :( 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : seabear ( 12 ) , the cure ( 5 ) & tool ( 3 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
that's 3 of the 5 points i want to develop for my own ministry . sounds great ! 
aaaah , tu as tout lu ? :) 
#unfollow 
my top 2 #lastfm artists : pale spectres ( 2 ) & yeah yeah yeahs ( 1 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : sky ferreira ( 73 ) , flowers ( 26 ) & the luxembourg signal ( 20 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : trent reznor and atticus ross ( 28 ) , nick drake ( 13 ) & ella fitzgerald ( 9 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
krkrkr . 
yay , kinda . he's even fighting batman vilains . :P 
!LINK! 
vendu ! 
thank you , geoff ! 
so far , i'm not even sure this movie will go out , it's like 1994 all over again . :P :) 
good point . 
hating you right now . 
" even if no one knows we exist . even if no one knows we ever existed . " 
screw amc , let's ask fx instead . 
#lastfm artists : king gizzard & the lizard wizard ( 3 ) , belle and sebastian ( 1 ) & the field mice ( 1 ) !LINK! 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : taylor swift ( 42 ) , the primitives ( 34 ) & alvvays ( 34 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
whatever happened to the man of tommorrow by alan moore , and whatever happened to the caped crusader by neil gaiman . 
#nowplaying aberdeen - cities and buses 
+ 1 . 
you will read more comics . 
<3 
hot dress , you look nice ! 
❤ ️ 
si jamais ... !LINK! 
sometimes , i read the q & a we did back then ( !LINK! ) and it's funny to see how you evolved since then . 
i do . j'adore fx / x . 
only daredevil comics or any ? :D 
i never really liked anna paquin as rogue ... :/ but i agree on anything else . 
* hug * 
too much production for me . but i like the songs , some of them are really powerful . 
pareil ... 
je confirme . 
#nantes !LINK! 
excited ? meh . curious ? definitely . 
but you're supergirl ! you shouldn't be afraid of anything . :) 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : ramones ( 34 ) , bleached ( 4 ) & doe ( 4 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
merci merci kk ! :) 
merci :) 
i love taylor swift ! the others are too mainstream . 
barbara gordon <3 
and i'd also like to see the show deal with real social issues , like poverty , real drug addiction ( not soapy shit ) , and stuffs . 
? ? ? :/ 
meh . 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : nick drake ( 6 ) , air ( 3 ) & serge gainsbourg ( 1 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
i don't care that much about deadpool 😕 
i love that " writing songs is for girls " , i want one ! 
merci beaucoup ! :D 
ok . ok . putain , ok . pourquoi suis-je pauvre ? 
that's precisely the point . you're not supposed to understand the doctor . you're supposed to be confused . 
pinot noir 
alternative : i'm on twitter to tell the truth to strangers , i'm on facebook to lie to my friends . 
ok cool ☺ ️ 
seems legit . 
this is actually captain marvel , even if carol used to be ms marvel . 
hahaha , mais grave ! 
i don't know knabenkraut ! :( except this one , i absolutely love everything . 
more grim and gritty 
oh de fouf ! 
y'en a marre des cartons , let's watch legally blonde and clueless instead . 
is this a real thing ? 
good job ! 
merci beaucoup ! :D 
me neither , but ultimately , i want to see green arrow and black canary together . 
un dindon ça va aussi ? 
ca marche ! :) 
meh . 
!LINK! 
which characters ? recent ot old ? 
kephas kerasia ? 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : the byrds ( 19 ) , the kinks ( 6 ) & belle and sebastian ( 1 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
kerhinet , aka " village green preservation society " . !LINK! 
i never missed one of your shows in the area , so it's a first . have a great time anyway ! 
white pony . 
maybe saying you're not putting any jokes is itself a joke . 
en week-end ? 
tu as aimé sherwood ? 
how are you working with stewart and fletcher ? full script or marvel way ? #batgirlchat 
no cars go , sprawl ii , et neighborhood # 1 ( tunnels ) ! 
i'd like to follow all the peop with a batgirl icon , because batgirl's simply awesome . 
thank you eugene ! 
!LINK! 
being cool ≠ being 
cancoillote ❤ ️ 
doctor who ? 
j'ai ris . 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : king creosote ( 3 ) , belle and sebastian ( 1 ) & the beach boys ( 1 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
ah trop fun ! 
grant morrisson's all-star superman is also great . but never read frank miller's all-star batman & robin , it's absolute shit . 
where did you find that piece of information ? 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : jacqueline taïeb ( 7 ) , april march & aquaserge ( 6 ) & françoise hardy ( 4 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
darkness ! ! no parents ! more darkness ! ! the opposite of light ! ! 
il a quoi comme spec . ton ordi ? 
trop cher . 
❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ 
i'm cheating , it's already may 9th in france , but i know it must still be ok in canada . 
non . non . non , non , non . 
somebody who can't write spider-man . 
i was born ready #gotg !LINK! 
make your move , karine , it's time . 
don't worry , that's fine . :) have you seen the 1990 ' s show , though ? 
#lamaison !LINK! 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : neon indian ( 24 ) , the pains of being pure at heart (8 ) & the primitives ( 7 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
flash was clearly better , but it wasn't perfect . i'm really bored with cw-smoochy-cutie aspect of the show . 
#elephant ❤ ️ 🐘 !LINK! 
awesome ! enjoy ! 
😕 
par dan abnett ! 
go home , apple , you're drunk . 
agreed ! 
guys , what's up with the fake cognac and fake scotch brands in last night's episode ? 
#folie 
spider-gwen <3 
agree . might be one of the most spiritual artist i know . mute kinda feels like god reaching out to us . 
have fun ! 
... 
" ugh stop being so self-centered . " 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : sufjan stevens ( 35 ) , lily & madeleine ( 20 ) & the welcome wagon ( 16 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
alternance ? 
tweet de russell . 
pareil . 
i finally listened to savage hills ballroom . once again , you touched something deep and powerful . i still remember when ... 
a to z is new how i met your mother . you want to watch it but you know you shouldn't because it's going to end badly in 8 seasons . 
you probably don't care , but i'm pretty proud of you . :) thanks for everything , trevor ! 
he's not supposed to be hot as hell either . he's supposed to be average . 
a priori , oui . 
merci ! 😀 👍 
i want to fav it because your tweet is awesome , but no way i'm ever gonna watch a thing with minions in it . 
emily browning , rooney mara ( et kate ) , alexis bledel , ... 
hihihi , costa ( cc ) 
meh . 
maybe because not everyone lives near an imax theater ? or in the us ! 
je proposes aussi " who loves the sun ? " du velvet . 
oh , screw these americans , then . :) 
ah je trouve que le pitch de you , me , and the rest of the world a l'air rigolo . 
non 😟 
oui , c'est rigolo ! ☺ ️ 😋 
justice league international , by giffen & dematteis . fantastic run , funny as hell . 
masochisme . 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : bright eyes ( 15 ) , pixies ( 13 ) & fleetwood mac ( 11 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
thanks :) 
arf . tu en es où ? 
i hope they do some old man logan and kill him . 
amen ! 
merci 😀 
non ... 
genre bryan hitch ? 😀 
season finale , you meant ? 
le smoking ! le smoking ! 
once again , this is a teaser , not a trailer . words matter . 
\ o / 
story of my life . 
😀 
suggestions in your pm box . 
avengers : age of ... meh . 
merci ! 
tu n'aimes pasdeadpool ? 
one word : inhumans . 
#teamtaylorswift 
* hug * 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : the david ( 35 ) , the doors ( 32 ) & sufjan stevens ( 29 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
lequel ? 
neither . i think freddie highmore could be a better alternative . 
enter to win a macbook pro and a 6 collector's edition ( a $ 10,000 digital library ) ! #logos6 !LINK! via 
inhuman ? !LINK! 
shit's getting real . !LINK! 
non . non non non non non . 
it's not supposed to be a scientific account , it's just poetry with a theological background . 
guys , what's up with the fake cognac and fake scotch brands in last night's episode ? 
oui ... 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : leonard cohen ( 10 ) , flowers ( 4 ) & stereolab ( 3 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
i could gladly put that on the air if it's good ( and i don't doubt it is ) 
oliver was way better with sara . hopefully , he'll go with laurel ( but she still needs to be a little bit more badass ) . 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : belle and sebastian ( 36 ) , youth lagoon ( 24 ) & young romance ( 14 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
i don't think i'll be able to come and see you tonight in colmar , i'm sick :( i am very disappointed . :( 
i'll be at my girlfriend's place in glasgow for a week , i'll have to wait for 5 more days to see it ! :( 
whisky giveaway by : win 5 bottles of whisky & flaviar scotch tasting pack ! !LINK! 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : pink floyd ( 12 ) , the pretty things ( 12 ) & the pastels ( 10 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
et teddy pierce ! 
i was working this morning , so i couldn't travel to come . heard it was wonderful , enjoy the rest of your stay ! 
joli ... 
glasgow ! :) 
ou bien " ackbar's trap " 
marvel unlimited . :) 
wait , tu n'avais jamais vu alias ? 
* hug * 
" keep calm and don't blink " !LINK! 
#3615mavie 
... kids from 12-15 yo , so i'm really scared fox will try to adapt the movie to this part of the fanbase ... :/ 
!LINK! 
o / 
pareil ! 
i remember watching it with my father when i was 8 , never seen it since then ( i'm old ) . but i used to love it . 
i'm not that much of a teacher :/ 
brad bird über alles . 
" that's the signpost up ahead , your next stop ... the twilight zone ! " 

" we do it because it needs to be done . because if we don ’ t , nobody else will . and we do it even if no one knows what we ’ ve done . " 
manalas ... #unfollow 
c'est nul , je confirme . 
ellie kemper <3 
who will play the new spidey ? any personal theories ? 
the chips is strong in my family . !LINK! 
allison scagliotti , mec . 
i am not amused ! 
argh , too bad , my trip to glasgow is a week earlier ! 
hashbrown no filter . 
quelqu'un a vu " the theory of everything " ? c'est bien ou c'est fadasse ? 
il m'attend sagement ! 
! ! !LINK! 
o / etat ou territorial ? 
honestly , it's not that great . the character is better in a group . but the trailer is great , i agree . 
merci , je retiens ! 
pas encore non 😕 
freeeaky ... 
bonus point for steph brown . 
it's very encouraging and inspirational , thank you scott ! 
i think i never drank any gin . do you have other recommendations ? 
!LINK! 
nick fury : " you think shield got too big and overreached ? have you looked at the size of the avengers roster lately ? " 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : pavement ( 40 ) , papercuts ( 20 ) & northern portrait ( 16 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
!LINK! 
where is this picture from ? 
you've got to hide your love away , tell me what you see , éventuellement i've just seen a face . 
too easy . 
cosmetics . 
i want the vulture :( 
quelle catastrophe ! :P 
oui . :P 
apparently , that's my new name ! 
youhou ! merci ☺ ️ 
yes , please ! she's an awful rogue ! 
merci . 
i also love dc more . but sometimes , they're also sniffin ' some serious shit . 
i didn't knew courtney was based on your sister . she is one of my favorite dc character , and this back-story is very moving ! 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : the coral ( 22 ) , sufjan stevens ( 19 ) & the who ( 19 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
so is the movie . 
+ 1 . 
manger avec male bonding ou the place to bury strangers ? 
that's what he said . 
it lasted for a few weeks like that for me with a homemade fix . had to spend 79 € yesterday , though . 
15 ? mouahaha , next wednesday for me ! 
ca sort d'où ? 
until he has no goatee , he's not really green arrow , for me . 
charles , i like your work on the inhumans , but we really miss you on superman / wonder woman ! 
the story of my life . 
and btw , i would never had guessed you as a tomlin-fan ! ☺ ️ 
bon , ben , j'ai perdu . 
je confirme . 
i agree . the only song i really-really like is " ever had a litte faith " , but even this one is not that good . 
mark waid's run on the flash . superman : secret identity by kurt busiek . 
yes i do . wanna come ? :D it's 1:16 am . just coming back from a night with friends , talking about comics and drinking whisky . 
yes ! 
merci merci ! samedi ? 
👍 
" megachurch pastor mark driscoll was an evangelical rock star . here's how he fell from grace . " !LINK! 
i have actually kind of a problem with christian music ( which might also be weird for a christian , i don't know ) . 
? ? ? 
😟 😟 
this is for you . !LINK! 
merci , c'est adorable ! 
aquaman is way better . suicide squad is bad , didn't read nightwing . 
merci pour ton article . my thoughts exactly . 
this is one of jim lee's best work , but i honestly think it's a shitty comic book . 
non . 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : belle and sebastian ( 20 ) , blur ( 14 ) & freur ( 1 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
i'm sorry it was difficult for you to make friends in here . we should be more welcoming to people ... :( 
is it me or it's super late for a movie like this one ? 
vdm . 
le film de dawkins ? 
? 
? 
, come back to dc , everyone misses you there ! :( 
grant morrisson's run on batman can be amazing too . 
perso , j'attends la vf ... 
tu as lu quoi ? 
aaaah , d'accord . :) 
ah , oui , j'avais pas vu ton 2è tweet :) 
green lantern / green arrow by o'neill and adams . a real classic , a must-read . 
snow patrol , worst band ever , right ? 
i'm gonna try to be careful and not look at your tweets then ( i watch the show several hours later since i live far far away ) . 
i'm gonna try gvine , it's french so i might get it easily . thank you ! 
just ate in france . 
#shippe 
probably the plans for spider-man ... 
tim sale ? 
it took a lot of courage for you , and i really wish you all the best . 
felicity's gonna die , you're overwhelmed . 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : taylor swift (8 ) , the beatles ( 6 ) & the primitives ( 4 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
of course that's my opinion . but i never managed to like the character . i personnaly don't understand the hyor around him . 
very honest , very good . 
how are you guys doing ? it's been a while ! 
* bag of hugs * :) 
i know , it was kind of a joke . 
i'd say trailers are teasers , but teasers aren't necessarily trailers . 
no . he's got to be richard rider , and since gunn doesn't want the character in gotg 2 , no . 
guys , i'm binge-watching awkward and i heard not only fireflies , but also the trip . i'm out of my mind . 
i've been rooting for him for a while , so , yes . 
convergence # 3 ? 
tu vas où en alsace ? 
du genre ? 
respect . 
ocean sky !LINK! 
! ! ! 
the one from the bbc ? 
my top 2 #lastfm artists : belle and sebastian ( 18 ) & god help the girl ( 1 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
:D 
i still have several if you need more another time . 
pom klementieff jouerait mantis dans guardians of the galaxy vol . 2 ( poke ) !LINK! 
the " big marvel announcement " wasn't the trailer , right ? please say yes ! 
the series definitely had an impact on me as a child . just like batman tas and loïs & clark , it made me love dc superheroes . 
the penguin is good . but the show quite sucks . 
paddington <3 
throwback sunday ( it's 2009 again ) . ( ) 
trevor , highway patrol stun gun's video is the most powerful thing i've seen / listen to in a long while . thank god you're back ! 
hell yes ! 
c'est juste " bitter sweet " ☺ ️ 
runaways <3 is it the first volume ? 
allez , d'accord . 
this seems to be great . :) am i the only one who loved the last primitives ? seems no one i know is talking about it .. :( 
i don't understand , everything i read was american vampire ! cc 
if you read these comics , you won't be able to watch gotham anymore because you'll realise how bad this show is . 
and they are right , the movie is pretty awful ( saw it this morning ) . 
he watches the original flash . !LINK! 
i'm taking this as a yes ! 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : sufjan stevens ( 23 ) , the velvet underground ( 12 ) & the paupers ( 12 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
my top 3 #lastfm artists : taylor swift ( 10 ) , broken twin ( 10 ) & alsace lorraine ( 5 ) #lastfm !LINK! 
... effectivement . 
wait , what ? 
wait , what ? ! 
trop chou ! ( va adorer ! ) 
i think i'll be excited by ff when i'll see at least a tiny image of it . i still believe the movie won't be out . 
choupi <3 
barbara gordon . 
thank you guys . i hope you're alright ! 
:'( 
even if it's impossible for me to understand the struggles you lived , i'm proud to be part of the church with people like you 
my expectations were actually pretty low , and still , i thought the movie was kinda bad . 
geoff johns on green lantern ( the pre-new 52 is better ) . 
before age of ultron , totally . now ... no fucking way . hawkeye is dead to me . 
<3 
i don't know which translation chesterton had , but in the original text , in french , the word " love " appears quite a lot . 
never trust a guy who listens to " jazz funk soviétique " , he's probably a postconstructivist serial-killer . 
that's great :) 
meet my new buddy , bb - 8 . !LINK! 
ah bah tu vois ! nobody asked me if i was ok , 👌 
i wouldn't watch gotham even if the entire movie was after the fall finale . 
what are you gonna do in paris ? 
worst character ever . 
just discovered your culture shock vid . very funny and refreshing to see your point of view on my culture . :) 
putaaain ... 
faim . 

cool ! où ça ? 
but of course , i respect all the people who like him and are thrilled to see a movie about him . it's just not my thing . 
the new doctor is a lady . !LINK! 
you need to find someone to translate frederic rognon's book about ellul , then . best one in the world . !LINK! 
❤ ️ 
too bad you're not coming back in strasbourg ! we miss you there . 
... i downloaded july and cannons on bandcamp , in april 2011 . it's amazing to see how far you went from this point . 
ça va trop loin ... 
" laugh it up , fuzzball " 
chris pratt is basically the new harisson ford . 
i know some people who worked on the movie , and they said it's complete shit . 
you have to read bendis ' run , it's awesome . the mini-series by kevin smith is great also . 
and freddie highmore from bates motel looks exactly like steve ditko's peter parker ... 
are you saying that about age of ultron ? 
i don't know how it is in the us , but a bookseller friend of mine in france told me that around 70 % of deadpool buyers are ... 
