anthony giddens & the european federalism . !LINK! 
nice service for a beautiful island ! :) !LINK! 
we have moved progressively from the fordist fixed and rigid structure of daily life to something increasingly fluid !LINK! 
wow ! ! ! :) ) ) 
!LINK! 
exactly what i like ! break the conservatism system by playing politics for the customers ' expectations : not the el … !LINK! 
first attempt in learning ( fail ) . 
end of the car age : how cities are outgrowing the automobile !LINK! 
new prius hybrid : toyota reveals details !LINK! 
" all boundaries are conventions , waiting to be transcended . ( ... ) my life extends far beyond the limitations of me . " , cloud atlas ( 2012 ) 
made in breizh ! 
good ! 
my first days at toyota's headquarter ! :) !LINK! 
i will attend this high level symposium in japan . it is organized by the united nations . !LINK! 
i will be a speaker in a session to present ha : mo , the innovative carsharing connected to public transportation . !LINK! 
harmonious mobility network in tokyo . #hamo #i-road !LINK! 
nice explanation ! :) !LINK! 
for the times they are a changin ' . good luck ! #regions #europe #catalogne #democratie #federalisme !LINK! 
i have a mission with ihs / futuribles on " is car ownership a thing of the past ? future mobility trends " ( tokyo ) . !LINK! 
" today ’ s transport technologies are not only too inefficient to scale to our future needs ; they ’ re not sophisticated … !LINK! 
intelligent transportation systems world congress bordeaux city , france #itswc15 #toyota #citelibbyhamo !LINK! 
『 便利な移動 都市交通システム ha ： mo 』 スマートフォンによるルート案内サービスや 、 電動の超小型車輌のシェアリングサービス 。 ha ： mo （ ハーモ ） は 、 公共交通と連携した端末交通の充実や 、 新たな移動手段の有効性を実証する取組で … !LINK! 
" distance doesn ’ t change the fundamental rules of the game " !LINK! 
economist debates : driverless cars !LINK! 
" ha : mo has a great chance of succeeding in areas in europe with strict traffic regulations " !LINK! #hamo #toyota #tms2015 
" imposing formal processes , structures , and guidelines only makes things more complicated . " !LINK! 
!LINK! 
a great its congress in bordeaux city and several pictures for memories ! !LINK! 
my future car ! !LINK! 
i wish you a great year 2014 ! 
innovation districts : a toolkit for urban leaders !LINK! 
" gone are the days of businesses placing large ads in their local newspapers . " !LINK! 
that will change the future of the european community . !LINK! 
in this case , better to connect ultra-compact evs to mass transit systems #toyota #citelibbyhamo 
that's a great explanation about what critical thinking is ! we should learn more about that ... !LINK! 
countdown to october 21 : the day the future becomes reality ! #bttf #toyota !LINK! 
understanding the future of mobility !LINK! 
blablacar offers another face of france | business | !LINK! | 13.10 . 2015 !LINK! 
it's clear that companies are executing tactics with no cohesive strategy to tie their marketing activities together !LINK! 
in tokyo , toyota ( i-road ) and times 24 , the national parking operator . ready for 2020 ? !LINK! 
my presentation on ha : mo with the french embassy + french chamber in tokyo #ccifj #toyota !LINK! 
et oui ! la magie du monde de l'entreprise ! ... " there is never enough time and budget to get it right at the ... !LINK! 
check out my professional profile and connect with me on linkedin . !LINK! #in 
i am in the french econnomic magazine l'expansion ( march 2014 ) , talking about the social network bzh network . !LINK! 
the need for collaboration = strong sense of community in the organization !LINK! #bzhnetwork 
steven jobs : the power of being crazy enough | psychology today !LINK! 
nice synthesis on future of mobility . !LINK! 
after tomorrow , my presentation on ha : mo at #itswc15 . !LINK! 
